#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnisf4-WHDpPHsTUb-YNhEkUPC1Kg-JKGFU39mOehQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", AB Tv
http://?bkZFVHpNVlRVWm5UREZEZFdkVmR3ZG5WSVIwSzNaVlRJVjBNdlFuZUtWbFdqcFVkdVpEYnMxV1I1Rldadk1VYUxwbVV3VWpjT05IZHRwbFF0VmtUeXQyWXdaamNPOVdlcHRrUXZzVWRRSkZkdlFqUTNaa1MwaFVaMzlXZDFKbWFEeEdjTGxuTXB0MlZ3cEVhNVVuYk5oblI1UkRiMUFYZXg1bWMxaDNicGRUZXBsbFRZaFdaTWRYY25GbWI0OVdiR1pWVHhoak5CSnpVNDltZVNOMFZ2VmxiclpYTTRaSFVxbDNNVHBFVVA1V1F0bFZjWTEwYnZGa2NCbEdXeTVFT2s1a2IxNW1hUmRGZWtsMGNOWjNVRWhXVTNCMUtyQkZVTnRtZEZ4RWFPTjBkV04yY0pSRWNvaG1ZWmhrVUVkM1Z5Y2tZUEJuYTJwMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/sd/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ananda Tv
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVGExR2RCVlhNMWsyUjBoWGFvdG1icTUyUnJWektGUlhjdmhWY1lGbk40OVdVeE16TXpJWGVzWnpOS04xWlVkRmFySnpUc1JrUkxaRVowQW5ZcVYyYW9GVWFRRlZZeU1FYTZOME5LTkRTdHBtUk94bVU0NTJaM2NWZG81MmRudFNUQkZVUVI5R1IwUUVUNDhHZHJNbE5TVjFRdk5XYlVSelJ2aFdRVHRpVXZZVWJGOWllMWRrTTFSVWNUdG1UT2htYjZCSGQzbzFjM2dGYXY5VWUzRnphNkZVTmF4bVRJRjJSd1VWY3Y5MFQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X0463VRpcpM/WEaaUATDuNI/AAAAAAAAFhw/UYHQuv64BGUhu6dcIerrb2HT7QbmKuQuwCLcB/s1600/asian-tv.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Asian TV
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHRWemRHVmpONFZYU3pGRWNERldWdmhYYzVrVFN5dENheElUWnR0Q1U0MTJkUFptTVloR09DSmtXM1VuZGtSWFM0dEVhcWhWZG9OMlF6VjNVTWxUT0Z0MmN0WjBTbTFrUnlaWFR1aGxSM2tHVG9aMFprbDJaNDFFZW1kVFMyVkhUeGNWVTJjWFZSWm5RUUYxYXY0bWVJQm5lc1pUTXdoSFQ1azJUNVpEUkZaM2QyTkdleFZqYXp0R01GaEhXMW9YV1pkVFNDdEdkcXR5U3pjRVcwUkdaU2gzVFFsSGFtQjFjdjhtYk1aRmVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/ATN_Bangla.svg/240px-ATN_Bangla.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN Bangla
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGMVpCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVEs5VWVrRlVSUUZYYjFGak12RldheEUzVEwxR2N2Z2tkNmwzTjJ3bVF5cFhRb3AzTGFGSGN0MUVNNDBHZUtoRmJUNWtRdGgzU2pGMVpyUVhhMnhXTzRrRWNvSmpjVmhuUjZoVmF3NEVNb3QyVk5WbVRYSmxkQlZUWXhKVVZubGxldnBXTUJsbmEzOUVhVmRsZTFnbVdDUlVVb2wzTUpCRlRwcG1abEYzTkxwV2MwZzJRVDkwSzZOR1VWQnpUMkYzS0RwM1ExUjJhckpGUm9sWFRxQlZUaGhWY3lGWFl5Z3pVaGQwYW5OelMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/atn-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN News
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVERGbmNUbEVld0FqVnZWa1Uxb1ZXMmhIWko5aWFZSkdhd3BXY0ZsSGNuSmthNUlIVFBoSFM0a1hOTVpHZVZSV1l5OFdkdVpEUzJNbU5FbG5hSmxETXhna2FQZEVWUUZVTW9CRFJzOVNVa3hXVEI5a056OVVhcGQxVm1oRVRyaDJRRjlXWXpsbWVsZEhTTmxsZXc4a1RFeGtkcWQwY1dORWNKWlhkak5VY3JSM2RRSlZNdk5HZDB0aVQwUkVTNUFYVFlSVWJDRldjWWhtWmtOV2MzeGthVjkyVlQ5V2F5bDNTQ1pWYUd4a1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608228_ico.png?ts=1613146518" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Channel
http://?MEprV2t0V1M0cG1OSlpYVFdkV2V4MWtXYXRDTndGak4wMFVaemRHYzRvbllyWUZheU1YVW4xMlJxQmpjbVpuUnJnbVNqcGxaM3RrYmpKMFlYTm5jdk4yVEQ5MmExbEdkSmRqYU1KamRoaDBhTmhUTjRkM0x2OXlSVVYzYXVWbWQwZ1dhbjUyWmtGMllwWmxXUFZXV3hCM1J0QjNMNE4xZDBBamRxNUViMGRIT05GVFdNTjNVSlJUVE1KVmJRTldNQ2RVUXJGemR5ZDFUbXhXVnprV1kyUUViT1JFY3ZkRlU0aGtaTlJVZXN4MlFaZFRaNE5VZFVOSFZpTkZhM1pHUlJCVGN1ZDJkNWhqUXJVamJTTmpZaEptVW90aWUxTVVWaWxXZU1WV2V3VW1heUltVk5sV2NuRmxNSGhHYk1sSE5yY2pVU0ZFZVhobVIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/8d/Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg/220px-Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Tv
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVEpoV2VTSmtjbTFtVHBKbGR3WVZhTjFHWmhoMlIwTmpkeVZYTUY1MFEybFRWTk5WYVE5V081VVZNbUZFZDZkMGNpTm5XeUZrVFFSV2UyYzJUMEEzUzNJRGU1aFhjSlpWVDVsRU9OaG5leW9uUlZoMU1QUmplamRWYWg5VU81bDFWSkIxVUtGblVUdFVOckZEYTVGRlQyUlRhb1pIZTNobllPZEdXVmwxYlhGbWF6RjFVR0JUYnVkRWJQdDJiMDVXYXk0MmNsQkRjbUZXVHFCalZzUlROWVJGTzVnM1pGaEZTQnRHY3ExRVZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Banglavision.PNG" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Vision
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVFBCM2NreEVWd29GUjZkSFUxWWxTdmxXYXBSR1ZDbEhjVjlDYVBCVmU2cDJka2RXVXo0V2NpQjNaaGRVYXpVR1IxRkRidjVHT0NwMlFOcDNMd2syUXlna2EwZ0RXeWNYV3hOV05NeG1SU2wyY0tGRGR0SldjdmczTFpKVlN4WldhalJEUm5oV014MFVWd0lVZDVwRk9pMVdUMGxYWlVGa1pqVkhXdU56TjRORmI2SlhTS2QyTjBSVFEyVUhkWTlHZDFJRmM2Wkdlb2gxS3NwR080RmxXajFVYW1wMlMxazBZdUZtYllaMk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://bijoy.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bijoy Tv
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZzTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVERaMmFaTjBVc3RTT3JCRlNpTkZPS3RHUm5SSFNVVmxlM00wUXdVWE96NW1WV0ZGVlNkM0xGNW1hNloyZHMxMGR6SlhWcFZXUlNaM0tKcDNWa1YzYW5aRWR3VTJUQlJWWXpKbVRoWkVXTUJIUjZSalo1VVdiMncyVkdObFN4UjJURWhsWjJnbVZzRlZPSTlDY3loMU14VW5Zd2hqTndzR2UyWVhPS3BIYnhaVmJDSlRSNGdUYW50Mk1wMVVXQkIzY1ZCblpVWm1jUnAyTUJsRFR6OWlRVE5VVTYxV2VFaEdiaEJuZTNVamVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c7/Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg/400px-Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Boishakhi TV
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVG1KVmVMMWtUaTlpVnFoMlExOFVaVGxtVzBJRldsVkhhRFIzVUp0RVZ0Wkhha0ZXZTU4bVYxSURPcWxrY09wWFZ2cFVhcTVHT0pWVGJwZDNkTWx6UVVOMGQ1TkdhemtUZXlCRGVSRjFRbGhtTmFKa1YyY1ZlQmhXVk1Oa1U0OXlUaEJWUnNoR1J3bEVkTXRDYXhoV2V0TkhVcEJuV01sMlZNZDJWVGRGTXhnamVUZHpLMlJYUzRaMmRMVkhjcTVtVjRZalJNQkZiUEJGT1JObGN0aFdXTVZVUjBrbmFhcGtZMVpVZFdkMGRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608364_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bongo Tv
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZzTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVDVsemJ2WTFkUWxHVHVkbGQxNFVRMFEzVDVjalNySkZkQ1pYUzZOM1QzaFRVUTFFTlQxbVVWTldkQ05UYlUxa2VYRm1Sc05IWjY5RWF0VjNLelp6YUZKRGUwZFZab05GVXN4VWJpZGxOdnQyVDNBekwzUTBidlYwTG9OMkt0VmpldWRqTm0xbVk0aGphbk4xY3h4a2VFaFVTdGhXVHloVE1hbEhPMWhsVzFRMGJKbERNd0psVXFSak5zZEhiVUJuZW1SVk14SXpjWEJuVXhVM011Um5TQ0ZXUmhwblNoOWtReTVHZEdOMFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ssl.com.bd/sites/default/files/BTV%20Logo%20Gallery.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVDRnRmR6b1dlSVZVWnF4Mlk2dFVZbnhXYkk1MExxRkhkNk5WYnFWWFZzSkZiMTBVU0xsWFFpeGtaUlJtYmhwa010ZDJUM1IyWVJabVNZVjNOVFJtWndBelp1TkhTeUVGYjExV011UmxhdTEyZHAxVWRUTjJjbUJUTXZRR056TjJNMFJrVE1wV2RaTjBOeUVuZGlKM2I0Qm5leWgzVHZORlYwaFdTT2wwVkpsSGNTeDBjaWh6VTB4a002cEVlRDVtVjJZVGJxRnpiTlZYZUJCblJwSkROMEEzY0d0MlRuTkhkd0YyWmhoRU5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/btv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV World
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVDU1bWNLVlVSelF6UnRsVVdWZDNhSkIzSzAxME1hZEVlRGhUUXhobFZyVkRWRGRuWndnMk5yZERXV2xqYTVZVU1JTnpUdFJXWTZKMktMcG1aVlJqUlZkV2NGdGlWeTVXTjBkM1pVaG5NelluU1d0Q2JzdFVjRGQzWlB4R090UldielFYZVZoMlZGOVVUcGQxWkJCRmRCSlRPcXAxU1gxVWIwMEdib2xHY0RkRGEzZHpVUEpuYzFSMlV6TjBTNFEzWkxsSGJpRnpadzVXTnhCbFpwcFZSUEJuVjBkM1YwWXpUbkJuYnhsVFFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://channel19.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Channel-19-Logo-White.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 19
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZzTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OclpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVHF0Q2VpUldRSVJtUzVKa2E2VkdTSUpYWXJGRlVKZGxjMlpqTWpSM1VuRkZlbjEyVkJOSE1HUkdibUZtZXZSbllhSkZack5rVmxaV1RvVjNVRTFHT2lkVmRKOWtOencwTXdGMU5LUm5aQk5YZG1ORVNEcEhiRWRtZUQ1R1VzdHliRDVrVnlOSE9HUlRSdjlDYXlzV1dzVnpkdkpWWmw1MFRPeG1heHcwYWxwbmFLZGtNTWhsWXJWRFJybGphaEZYT3dORU5qaFVhR1owUXZNa2FuVmxSQkoyVXBkV2VseDBLMlJ6YXhWbVozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/channel24.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 24
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHhkRGV4RW1RMkZsYXZoRFI0aDJWakYzU1M1MFRKaFZlUXRrWTVFRE1waGxaNFlsV0dOSFRzcFZXd1pXYTJwR2E1Y2pacDFVU2xsbVVyNTJUclFtWjY5R2I1NWtTWkpWZG9ObFJ4TVhjQkZYYXJ4V1JwNTBiNEF6YnA5VVU2NVdZamxGVG9sV1UyQm5ObWhHZTBBbFZ0aHpNdHhtUU1kVGM1MEdhaU5HU1pWVmVNQnpkRWgxTTZ0RVdsTjFhQ1ZIVHJKVVJKTlhlMmhGVkRGRVNvZHpUU1JqU0hkWGFrbGtaQ0ZWYXFWR2FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ch9-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 9
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbkJYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVHkwR2ExY1VleUZXZXNsR2QyWmxSeXdXYnJNVlo2ZFVleG8xS2xGbVJ1cFdhcEozSzYxbVExMVViTWwzZHZoVGV6bG1XeGgzYXJoRGFVZFdkTkIxUW9aM2NZRjBWVlpWV3RWVU8ydHlZTVpIVDVrMkxraDBhellXTURCSGMxUjBhYVZITjA4bVVHZERldFZqZVZsMEwwazBUdUpqYW1WMlV0OVdhNThtVUdORGVXVm1aVlpGUjJwVk41WlRXemxXVllsVFFNRjFiNnRDZDRGVVV0OXlkMGNWVXNGM1NJRjNUdzEyYzFGM1NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/88/Channel-i.svg/384px-Channel-i.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel I
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVFBWMGI1ZEVXbFpXYTJGVk5pVjNWWWgzZHlJek1yUUZjRTltVTFZVVo1bERPeElYV0NGbmNNbFdkMEF6Y3lVR1V4WWpaNnAwU21oWGFocDNRUkowYnZKbmIxSjNhNlJFTjNoRk9yUlVVVGxHU3dKemJ0aEhhVXBrWjROSGR1aEdTM0JWYTA4R042dFVXa0ZrYm9CM1VtZEZNbnBsYTJORWNtNW1ZTFoyU2xOSGREWlhURVIxTHdWV2FJUlRWMXBuTVVGbVNSVkRjblpUWTVJVVMycFZOUVIzWTRSSGVFVjBRS2RGZXNoSE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608031_ico.png?ts=1613147259" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel T1
http://?PVUzSzR3V1NpdEVkNmhqYTJjR1M1TlRVNTkyYXhKbmVuQmpZbE5tY1Bsa1VOVlVab2xYTU1sV1pSVm5acmhrVXJsbWFrZFZSdjFFYTZOVFk0WnpLaEJIVDJoMlkzRjJaV3BuVFJaSFd0ZGxibFJuY0VwSE55RW1ReGdGZHdaMkt4bzJadzVrTXhVVGJ3MVdTa2gzVUxkVmUzeDBLWloyTnJWak53cGxic1pIU3kwV1lpZG1laGhFVGhKRmF5RjBVNVEzS0g1R1pMRlRVT05UZFo5RVYxTUZXdlJuTUlKRFRTdEdOTGxIWnRGRGFVVmpUSjVFUnVOamNyVkdkRWhYUmF0MGF1TjNicHRDTzE0V2FvbDBWd0pUYzR3V1l2RmpRc1JFZUxKRU4xUlRR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608640_ico.png?ts=1613147356" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", CNN TV
http://?eU5uVTFwRk9uSkhUWVowWjBNemJCeEdWd0ZUZDJOWGJuVlVScU5IY0xCalJtaEdiS3RXWm5oRU1ycFdNcVZWTUVwWE1OeFVld1lqY3ZzMGN5UldldXhVVkVOMWQxVW5jTXRrZHBKMmNIbFdOellFYjE5a2RoTm1jNW9YUnB0ME52aEdhc3BXYW1KbFRxbGxOcjhtVEJoWFZCQlhRRlYwZHFabU5xQmpRd1Z6ZFl0Q01vaG5OcFZYZVpwSGQwb1hSendVUXVOSFNqTlhadEJIVjRsMVVudGtkeFZFVjZOMUxxcEdVdlEzTnp3bWJaWldhd3NDYlp0U1VhdHlSdEprVlpaMVNFMVdhUFIwYjVVa2FtZGtWMkpIU25WVU1CbDJRWGxtZDRrbFV3Y0dlM1ZYWndSelMwVjJLd0kxYUl4R2FNUkRaTGx6YVNkMGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1270310_ico.png?ts=1613147977" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Cumilla24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/dbc-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", DBC News
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVDBNWGFwWm5UWDFFT3BwMU5URlZUQk4zYXdSbVQwZGtlTkJGU1JSMVZwbEhUQ1JsV05SblZUcEZVaHhFZXlObFFIUlROc2QyVmxkRU1YRm5OblozZFhWM2F2VXpkc1ZrVXRObVJHaEhNbXhHWnVwRk11UkdiWnBWVXljV2QzcFVhb1ZrUjJWSFZtcFViTWxsY0M5MlNCUjNOM3RHVXRoVGJ6MVdRUHBYWTJZV2NvTjFaVFJsY3NSelY1cFVVMnMyWUtCVmVoZDFkMEZUVEdGM1NwVkdjenNXTWl4MlYxaFRheTlpYTRBbmJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deepto Tv
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVGFSWGMyWjJLT05rZXRCamVyUmtNWDVtZXZFMWN3WnpjMzBrVXJWa2J1WmpTNVYwTlhGSE1yd0dWVEpuZUVkVmVNUlRleGRXVUp4RVVOSjNRSGxUWUNKVmFteGtiU2gyTXdoV2J4WmxhemdHY1BSamF2SjJhVFYxYlVoblN5ZG5idEpXVXI4bVNPcFVkbjlFYllsa1Eyd1dOcVZuYWpWRVdIUm5Sdm9YUWpwMmFCcEZhekpFYjRKSGJYWkhieTQyYm5GM0xwVkhiTHhtZTJGaldueGtTbEJ6ZDNobmFzWnpMcEptZU4xV1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/81/Desh_tv.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Desh Tv
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVFpOVWNheFdlM1VUZXZaRU9xZG5VWmRtVm5GRGFUSkViellFWnBoSFZ2eFdOVDFrU1lsR1oyb0ZXd3hVYTQ5a1Z0SlRRNUZrZHg1a1IxVTNOd1lsTUJkbmNpOVdNWmhGUnZkRldJTm5NdDltUnpaRFNNaDNiNXBIVXZKbE52MVVZRmwwYW9SSGFwWlZSWEJqZXhCamVOTlhTMnBsUnVWamJzWlhac2xGYTJWR2R5aFViT05VTndCbGNIbGtUSEJuVERsVk9sRkdjU0IzS0g5VVdzSkRheG9WY3pobVUwRVhPU1psYjFBSFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608961_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deshi Tv
http://?emxETXFSRmNwOUdOV0pIVjBrWGM0Y1dVeGtrY3Z0RU0yOVdlVWRIZTJkMmR4SURjVVJYVXZNVFY2cDJRWHBtYnY5V1NhRlRUaHRDYnhObWMyd2tibk4yWk9GV2QzaG5VQnBWYzRCRGIzb0ZXT05rYXZkMEtoWldZNEozWmlsMWR6VmtidXRXZUx0eVI1OWtiVkJITzZ4V1UxMFdkNFkyZHVaWFRQeGtkeFIyUzJGbU12QlhSMWczU0RsMWN0eDBZWlozVHBkVE5PUm5lbnQyYkc5ME13VVhhcXhVYkY1VWU2bFRhalIxTEtsV1dpNUVlTmRIYW9WVE8wTURTNFZHVlpoVVp5aEdXVkZqYTZWemF0TjBNQ0JIZXZSRGFaWlhRTVIzYU5Ka1lZWkZlWU5qYk01VU9vUmtNQngwVnJBSFRPZG5NS0ZWZHF4V2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EG2QRMG.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Duronto Tv
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHZkVGE2VkdOeTVHZHhKV1dIRldkdDlHZE5WMlNyRUZjclozUVc5a1l6aFZPdk1IYXFCM2JqUkZUbFpUYTVkRVVuQjFjMUJqVzR3R093ODJZcFpqVTFaMmMwOFdjNWdsWnZsRGN4VldURUZIT2l0a05vQkRhQkpHTk1ka2VwaG1aUmhtVVdkbWFWOW1aRkJuZFBoMFpJMVVVeEowWTBWRE8yazNhdkZET3Z3a2FHcEdPSlpFZDNKVGI1aFZRaFpIU205a2J6VmxkWXAxVkRaV1IxOVdVd1pFVXd0MlNJSlhOc2htZXRabk5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/imagea02f4314e761661d.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekattor Tv
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVDFkMGFDTjFZQ2hYWXBwV1UyY25WS3AyS0x4MFJ0Rm5heGxXWTFaMlkwWlRjdjVHTTNzbU1QWkdPd3RtZFBaRU9NQlZTM04xU0RWbGJYSkhXUFZUWXJSemJ2dEdPSHBtV29wVVFEbFZRb05ITlBoSFpQSjNhc2xuUWxWRmJyTkRla2xqWTNwMlVRcDJTSE5rZDBGVVYwdDJNMXhXT3BoblU1Y0haNnBsUzNkSGNsbG5SMFlUT3VWRFMwTTNLSjVXTTM5MlQwSlZjR0JUUnpKRVZ0TlRibU5UUm5KM1JZSmpWeWwyZEloSGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/ETV.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekushey Tv
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVE9GRWMyOVVZMVVHZTNOV1ZtZDBVRXBtWTNnbFY0a3pkWlp6Ym1GWFYwMVVTcnNrTTA5MktrWmxNM0JYYlk5Q015Y2tVMlZsUVRsek55a21TazlrZXdFMlp4bFVOM29tUnBGbFN1aFhUMWduYzBRVGFwZG1lWWRYZE1obGVwRlVVNXdHV09aWGM1VVRVTXBsYzJnRGRuTlhZbkZtVHpaMVMxdzJTcllWVHZKRWNpUkhld2swUTF0R1NyVWpid1IzTnNGbGJGUmxhcFJVT2hGRmQxZGxaVmRIZUJ0R2QzRXpOcDFFZDFNRmFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVE1sRWR4WjNLWGRHVHJ0R01pcEdjV1JYYVg1Mkt2Wm5idnBYWkVaamQ2dGlaYVJqVnRaWE40RTBWNWtuYVloblpTbDJadE5GV0xkRGFRcG1TVWhIUnBGR2R4Um1Sa3RDV3VOMkswMTJWV3BHYnJVa2VDSlZkcFJHTklGR051ZEdPdmtEUzRKblMxZ0RkcTFHZVFkRlZySVVTM1pqTlpGbFpYOUdXNW9IY0hGbmVoNVVWWUZWYnRkWGRxaFhUT2QyVTFGV1pxcFhiSE56ZEkxMlR6VjNja2wxVnBoR2Exb1dhMGRWZXhOVWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/GTVBangladeshLogo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gazi Tv
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZzTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVDNjM1p3RnpTblJrZHFORVUyb0hibWxYTjNsRlNuOWlhNDhXYTNRbGQ1VjFhSVpFUll4bU5qWkdlTFZsZG1kM1pSVlVVM0pHVW9sSE5SbG1XdXRTTXVGR2NZRlZjclVrTjV0R1dXdHlSeGNHUjJVMlNwRm5lVTVFU25aWE40bFZabFp6Y3hWWFZydDBLTDVHZHpzaVJ0VkRhbmQwVHdFbVZ6Z0dVV0IxU3lRbWJFMTBSNUVFZHd4MGJVUkVSTGxYZW9KblZsTlZlNUozS1ZaelRvcDNWcFpHU3JzV2M1aGtXeFZIYUJOemRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Independent_Television_Logo.svg/220px-Independent_Television_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Independent TV
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVFhGRGJNdGtSeVlEYnhWV056Y1RiVU4zUldCalJJOVVlMkpWY3ZWMlZ1OVVlM1FVYXNoblp3b25WMVlXY0tGbVJqbEdjMDlFVDJ0aWFYRlhiQlYzS0UxMGRwbGxkbGwySzI1ME54SVZPcEpYUjU1MFRKTkRhMVZuZGg5V1VuQjFWeXRVUzBnblcyQkRibUJuYkZ0V1NtaEdjdU5YUTVWMlltWjNOd016S0NsbGRVdENSamxHVHVOSGR3b0haSmxIYUVKSFJ4WmphdTlVYXB0RVQwTjBLMWRsUTRkV056RkdjbWxuZFI5aWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/609412_ico.png?ts=1613149292" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Itv BD
http://?dmhFZEp0eWF6cDNicGgwTGx0Q2VuUkZPd3RTYW5SVmJNdG1OdVZuZXp0MGEzbDJaNWtETVRWWFd6SkVNbnRDUjJvM1RzUkRkejQwWmhKM0tWaFVaeFZVVXhJWFlRdFdjRTlXT01CMWMybEhaM0pHTW5GRmQ0eFVPSFJITk9aVlVJSlRhWmhGZFdabGR5UmxSSk5HWkhwWE9HWlVXTGgwY3pVMllPbEZleGxYWkh0MlpyTUhjd1lrUXlsMWRUTkdPQ3BuWnVGR1VuaFhReVluV1o5VU1oVjFjVUZ6TndsMktzdHlLNDhFZVpObmN5UWpNbWREYjRZelUySkVPNkoxTHZjemR4bzJaVE5tWjJNMmJISlZZQkpIZHdObFZEaFdXMnBuZW9kWE91cDNkRVIxVk1KV2V6ZFRiVTl5Vm5kbVJwcEVUNWd6YTRSVWRzOWtWemhEVHhBRGUxSjNZbU5UZVRSR2MzWXpiNDlXTncxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/jamuna-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Jamuna TV
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVDBBRmNFbDFTclEyVG9GVFJaVmtWU0IzUzVsblF2TldicWRUYjZwbVkzbDJZelZVUXA1bU1qTjFkMUJqZFRoelJaUldZMWhtYXFGVllXRjNjdloxVTJrMmJTcFdjSFYwZDROSE9MQlRRNFluUlBabVU0ZGthU0ZET3Z0MEwzWm5ZejRXZHNsWFpNbFRhT1JIYzFGemRwRkdOckJqZFpWRmFhVkhkcmxuTTNZSGN6ZDBRa1ZXUm54MlZyRm1jUHBtUXdRbVZ3bDJkeGxHUjI1a2JvZGtSRXQwU3NCWGFRVlRZWGRFYVhkVGFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/image54942a3647a21709.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Maasranga
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHhOSGR6eFVWRmhHY3NwMFJ1ZDBWM0puTjNSRVozTUVlMElWT1ZWMWNzbFZaeHNDYnFGM2RLNUVVRnBWYWtOSGNQTnpMbkYyTnhsVGVVaDNLcHBIZXVoSGFFVkViMWhGUzBsME1KcFdZaWxYT24xVWJKOW1jb2xYTzU1a2JxTkhVR3AxTDRvMlRLQkZNcE4xZFZkVlZoOUNVdUpIT3VOa1FqZDJhM3BrZFJCRmEzVjFaRnRHZDFkSFdpTnpRRGhHYjNSbVJqSkdkVEpqZXlselJvMUdOemhEWno1R01ucEZPMFJWY3g4a2RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mohona.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Mohona Tv
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNsV1lpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVGpaRWVQSkRhRk5qWjQ5aU1IWlZlbHQyTHc4bWFrRmpjT04wUXhKVVlzbDBOMDFtVllGM1lZcFdRb2hrYUlSMVo1TUdSMEoyWWpsbVVHaDNUVXhtTVhsRGVSdGtRWFpWUzFKblUxVldXVjFtY2pwV1p3Y0dlNHhrZHZBblF3UjNZQ2hsTno0V2VZNTJMUDVtY0NwVVZFSlRVc1pHV2xSbFRySTNaV1ZEYTU4RWRaRlVlMUJuUzRaRmVaSmpjVHBYWTRJek1qaFhjMG9tZWlaRGR5bFVVV2RIYVloV1p6UlRlWnAyWlQ5aWJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/mytv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", My Tv
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVFNGSGNMZHpLNVFtTTJ4bVFUVnpjUkZuVTRNVVd5VTBhcjh5Y1FKVVN4VnpkUVZWVFBwbVF4SjNWNGQwWlU1V2FFUjFaeloyWk5WMlJ3b1hjRWRuVkQ1MGNUaEVkdmhGTzRkMEt2TkRlc3BXTlB4MllHdFNlS3BWVFNCblVzaEdWclJVU1ZWbmNQQm5OeEozYkJWM1ltbDNVb0pGY3lFVU5OQm5UeXR5UlAxR2I0TkRTb05EV3poRE9VWnphRjUyTHRoSE16ZEZhNkJUYm4xVVY1SkZid2xWVkhKWFZOWkVVbXBrZDVOVFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/797677_ico.png?ts=1613149919" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nagorik Tv
http://?c1oxVnlGWE9IcG5SM2gzVU1kRmVVMUVhVWhsUnR4MlF4a2xUWlozU1ZkVlI1VjFkdkZVVUVkSGNySmtUMVUwUjU5Mks0Y2xheUoxZElSMk5uTjJNMWRWTTJRMEtFMW1TWHhHZHZFbWNwTjNZVlZFZTBCRGVtSmxZM3gyUlhKVVRSWlVkSGREY3ZjVFV0SkZid2tIT3J4MlVQaDNNQzVrZGFOa2VaSlRUdWRqVnJRR1pXQm5WSWxWT2lsMWN3VnpWdlp6TjRSRlNRbEVValZYWjFoMlVHcEZiRUZFVTRVbU51UlhXM0ZUYXZkbk4wSmpjRGhqY2FSVU41c0dUblJFTktWMUtNcEhXd1pEUzNFMGJoZG1jcFJFTXFaVVRhTjFRSHhHZU5aSGFqbFZieEpFUkVOWFFwdENWSkoxS1c5bWRxRmtXcVZ6WmpKbGIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7HplreU.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nandan Tv
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVDRsa2J5RjFRczFXY3p0eU1WNWtick5IUm9aVVJXZEZhcjBtV25sR093SjJWS1JGTnlRM1NFRjJaNFFrYnk4MFI2bG1TdzVrZTN3a2RwNVdWeE1rVUJoMWRRcEdWSTVFVTVOMFFseFVRbjkyTnl0eUx5Z1RjMXBXV3FSRFJzZDNLMW9uTjNkbmNHVmtXRU5HZVJORGJzWlVXcGQyWVNWVE5ubEdOeHBrTnR0MmI0VkhVV1ZsVzFGRGFJbG1lMm9YVEVOSGQzZDNjeU1HZW5oM1YySkZVTVZWYnZZblF6TTJLc2xFYVl4VU4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/ef/NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg/240px-NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ntv
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVFZabGNOaDFVcHhtZXROMktyTVhhejkyZGtWbVY0aEdiMUlFZTVzV1NvRmxlbEZIUkdGM0tITnphbmxYZDRNM1U0ZEhVb3RVVnFWVVZuWkhOS0pXUkhWbWFtRlRPa2hIT3pSMWJ2aFVlMmNuWTNvMWJ6UlRlakpXVXljbVR4QkRkSGRHUnRKM1FPNW1TamRUYUJkSGNITnpSeUZETVNsSFdUdEdkVlZYWXlOemIxWm1kUFZsYXRGVE9HZFRScTVXUTRabGFGdDBiREZETlZoV2VweDBZb2hGZGFOSFN2VTJSc3AwZEtkR1VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/rtvbd.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Rtv
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVG1wR2RSUm5OMFlFT3ZWSE93dGlRU1IzVmlGR1JLVkRkNHNVYnZNSFZ1cG1NUmgzWUc1bVJTZEhjNVFUYTVsalEzUkhlemRWVkUxRVNyNG1Rb2R6S3FORWRpcFZhMUVWVTZsRVUydENlRTVHVExoRE9TSkZidk56TUVKa1N1aFRldjAwVGxoMmFxMTJWMFlrY1BWV2M2SjFhb2RIUk1WbFdWWjNLREpqY1V0bWFxVm5XSkYwSzFSamRDaEVScndXVkJkM1p6MW1lUmxYY0tSRVZ5dFNjaEpWWXFkSFdIWmxXRlpXZWxsbU1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/satvs.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", SATV
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVG9OMWREbEhkcnRDYnlOR1JWTjFhS2hXZERSVk96Y2piUlJsUXZRSGVvNVdjSUYyVHBSblJNUm1RSk4wZFN0Mkw1QURWcjVtYTJCamNtUlhPS2RqVXVsRmF6dDBhUmRVVG5OME5xQjNadUpYWXJoelNzVjNkYWxEWjZoRFY1WkVjVEpHU1FkSFZYbG1RQjFFYlR0U1VyTTNLdjkyVVp0VVVqZFhWR0J6VldKWGJyZ0RObmxXYnFaellCSm1ZUjFHU3FkbVpTVlhjQ1ptV0tKMGJ4eGtNeVVVY1B0V2VYMUdaS0ZWYm5aVE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/somoynews.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Somoy
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVFBObmM0SXpNR2RsYzNobmJNVjJMVXRXVldobFlHWnphMThFYVBaVmU2Sm1haFZrUkxKWE0zSUdjc0JqZFpGMk1sbFdNMXAwTVJsMlZqaFdWaUYwVHI1VWNXeGtkMUZsVHpoRVI1UW5lNEVuYzRZMFFWVnpadmgxVVloRVowcDJSdFJXTk5oMk1DaDFhUU5rY3lnWE1STm1aMXhrYmhsbGMyQm5hekUyYlVkMGJyTVZiM29FVHl0RVpFbHpMdjhHUlV0U1p6RlZhdlZWUUd0V096SkdaeUoyZDFVM2Q1UlViREYxYUJabmRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722355_ico.png?ts=1613154340" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", ABP Ananda
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHpGa2VJdFViaGRUT3dKa1dvSlZSa2QzU0sxbWRUZFZid0lETjFCVlkzZGplMFpWY3doSFVyVUhTVzEyY3JCelVLOXlVeHgwU3lJelJTaDNjSWRUTVdoMmR3OWtTSFpHTXZGVlZDUjJhdGhYVUdwbmNRWlhiNFZsVlZOMkt4aDBZWHhVTURsM1lNQnpUdFZWZFg5R1dvRjFVbk4wWlFabFM1MW1UMklIVFRWemNaSmthd0lUWnNsM01zVkdTQ2hXYkJkVVNMMTJaMU1IY1RoWGFzWlRPUkpIV2k5V1l0aEVhNGtWZVlkV00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVG5oM2JISlRaR2hXUjBoMVExOWtSV2xtZHdRelZDZFVlSjFtYjNFV1owbDJkeFVUVWp0R2RDUldjTEZqY0NKMktEbFRiNlZFV0paMVJZRjNhNlJHUkpwM2IzOHlVcE5sV3M5bVRyVjNZeWgyVm9oWE1MZFVkREYwWklKbFRxdEdSYVZXVDBwWE1OcFZaM0ZtYjI5Q2VFUjBOd3RpYnprVmNFcDNhTmxuYVUxVWJ4WWpiQkZHUjBWRGJ5UUVPTzVtUU01bVE1TjFhNUJUTTVka1YyZFdUeVkzUllsM1JKOVdWbFZsZFdwSE5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722367_ico.png?ts=1613154545" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/amarnettv/amarnettv.github.io/raw/master/logo/CBHD.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Colors Bangla
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVE9samN4QVZPd2hIWnhkVlQwZFViMHBHTUNWVE1DcG1jekpsYVJCWFlzQjNLWmRIYnZVM1RZQmxVb1pXYVBCVlp4Z1ZPbmxYZGo1bWVDWlhOWjUyYnBwbmVrSlRNMlZIWjU5V2NpNUdkWmhtV3JZMGF5cFZiNGR6TjJNVWR4SlVRSjlpWlRsM1ZxeGtaUWhYZHZjRU96VTNOeFJEV0pkMk00UkhienRXVkVkV2RNVjNhRnBVZXdKRE8waDJMSWgzVEZ4MllPTjNjMlUwWlpoWGNwRkRlaDlTY05GWFRxTjJWbFpuYzNnSFQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722381_ico.png?ts=1613155033" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", DD Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722391_ico.png?ts=1613156123" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ekhon Kolkata
http://?d1puYzNWamRROTJWRTlDU1ZSM2F2WmxWclFrWnJGVE9aOVVNbjVHY0VGM0xaZFZkMDRFT0pkMmF3WlhZeGtqY09SbmRCSkhlVVpEY29WVmF2RWtUb1JqUklsM1ZvQkhkVXBVVnlOVGNvRlZXNGdFZDBObE0xZzNTcmhuTnpKbVpZbDNjVWxsTldWMVIxbEZXaTkyS0hwSFUzbzNWemsxYXg5MFVZOVdkeVZuUk5aWFJTeDJZMWRVYnZSamEyY25RdWhXVDNSMWNwWkROVU5YTktCblRhZG5heWdYZFFKWFp2Wm5NaEZGWlAxV1FEbG1VbUZtY210U1NPOWlNcTFVWk1oMmRXMTJNamx6WTBJM2IwSWtUV3R5S3ZOR1NhUm1lMThXZHpvWGNMUlhhd3RHU0R0VVF2bFZZVEZXTjJvV1c1WUhjejhXZDBFSFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/2228136_ico.png?ts=1613674520" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Enterr 10
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVHV4MFpPeEVaSDkwTXBWRGQ1UUdhS2hXY0ZSbFo1SWtjcmdXVDFoSFdwbGxjakZWYzJvSFVPVnpaNGNuYkk5V1l0RlZRcWhuUVNKbmRLRjNOdTVrU094a2I0Y0VTQ0ZuZTFGbVpCVnpheXBuU25kbWFHaFVlUnBuVnFkWE15QjNWYVJrZFloSGJyWW5hdTFtYWhWVWFTQjNMcmhXZDF4MlUwbDJWcjgyTURKVmJ3c3lMd1pFT3Q1R1RyWTBia0ZuU3ZFV1JTcGxjYUYyY2tobU1ybFVRd0YzWnc0MlV6Y25Vd0JUY1JkVVJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies HD
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVDJja2RQZDBiU2hVV3BaMFUyZ0VVblozTmxKMWJGRmxleW9GYzRnMVQxQmpiTmRtYnFObmVKbEROa0IzWkw5V1pubGpaMzkyUmpkbFZxZDNiWlIyYXFkM2NYZDBTWTVrUW9aSGVWOWlNV3AzVVROblFNNWtjWjFrUXdVM1E1Wm5RWDFVZTVsMlowVm5iamx6WlZOMmJ2WVZNdEZVWjJra1N2RW5OUk5GZHpFamJvZFRTbGhsVzZOWFVLVm5TdmRHTTFGM1JHOW1jMloxY3ZaekswSjFWbnR5THVoR2R2aFdXbmxUYm5WRVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies
http://?PWttTTNrVE1YWjFheUpFT3JRa1Z5ZGtUNVJYWXRwV1kwd0dTQkIzY0doMktOZEdUdkZHYmxCSGJGTlhTM1ExTkR0R2RwSnpUeWxqV3lsamF6RXpOU1IzTTFaVFZTMUVkNUl6YVVKSFU2eDJZVXAxUmlKM1o0Z1hhWmgzYlZwMmR1RlZhcVprY25GbVV3SkhjTlZ6YVF0RWJDZDNiUE4zVnpwVU5rSmxUemdtVlB0bVEwcFdhdGRVU0s5U2R2bFVWb3AyTkt4MkxUVmpjRUprZU81MGQwOVNTelJWVHVkalN1aEhNd3BHVG5wMmRhaEdjekZFTTBWR1NqSldaNHdXZDRGRmJXVm1kWUpVZHdJSFN0bEZjcmtqTUQxbWF5RTBZRjVtYU5OVll5VjFh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.goskribe.com/ImgSkribeExtra/ba038ccd-8d51-438e-ab55-fe049bc69848news-18.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", News 18
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVFFkemRseEVid3BYYzJCblJJNWtaMmhYVVRobGRPZGxkMWwyS3hGelo1SlRUaGwyS3h0MlFMVldPNHAwWnVsa1JYQjFNNkpYVEtSVFIyb0hXaUIxVlFKMmNGVjNONVpWU3hWV2U0cFZVbnhXVUVWa1d5WjNhdkUyVU1oRVN6Sm1SaGxFYlE5MkxJaEVWeWRtZFZWelVHWjJkelJ6WVE1RWUzeG1iUkZHYmk1MGMwVTFURVJuVXNsa1MxZFhkbzlXWXNkRmFISmtkdWxrTXlWWGV2dDBURUJWYXVoMlRLQlZja05GZHdNVlMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722427_ico.png?ts=1613156438" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVDZ0V2NzOVdVbnRFVTBCMU5DcDFSQlJIYUg1V2RPOUNiUlJHVVo5MGQ2QnpkYWwwTk5KWFZKRm1ZYWh6YjE5V054a0daMGREZXdNVFZzRjNhWnBXWVpGRGFzUjBkTU5rU3I5Q2JvaERhMDAyYVloRlNPdDJhM016SzJjMVE0aFZZUkZtWnloSGJOaEZaWHRtZDVkRVp0TnpkdEYxY3Bobk1QbG5Xc1ozWnhFR2NWcFhRellsVzBwRmRWdG1iSTFHVDFWak5vcEZhYXhrWWtKV2RwSm1OMEkyVlhabmNIaERTdE5HZDJWbVRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722433_ico.png?ts=1613156596" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sangeet Bangla
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVGpsRGEwTlVkS3hHTTRwMFlMMWtXTE4zVXROVlVVOVVkSFIxYVVGelRxcFdXdUZUV0RSM1paaFVONDVVZXN0MlJ1OTJSNlozSzVkWE12aG1hbXAxYTNSRWMxTTFONlZqUTJsV05MSjFjR3hHY1FaellOaERkcmhFZXZFRU5wZERUVkpUUVNWblduQlZieVJsYk5kVmIyUXpMcDl5ZHJkRlRWbDJjMTVFVXlFRmNPRlVVWDUyUnlKbGFyZ0RkU3BHZEpKelpGVlRjd3NtZHZFM1YyQm5TV3BIYWpkSFRIUkRObkJYZWFSRk9CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVHlZbmVtRkVPUVZGUnU1R1J2UWtNQnAyTkdkM2JQZFhlM2NrU3NsamJyVkZNWUIxTHB0V09OTkhVTWREZTRnRFdEUjJLeTltTXhJMmFqZFhRd0pXYTVZbWIwVUdNUzltTnlkRVZNNVdPeHNXYzZSMUtveEVlS05GYnpaVVF1WmthNXcyTVZSWGRPUlZRV3RTY25oV2EwUmplb1ZtWjRZMU0xWTNLendrU1hoVGVJWlRTbWRIYXZGVVZGUmxlMk1IV1NsbFl1ZDBiWTUwUnFSbVUzbFVkd1ltWXdrM1JLdFNWWWREYTVkbFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha HD
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVDR0MGNxNTJWUjlDTnVGbWJwWmpRcmtIVGk1RVVKVkZlMEZFVWs1VWUxUkVTMWtuZUdkSFRrVm5STEpXZHhKSGVKTlVjd1JXWVZkVlRKRm5OU05WVlpoSGM0VlRNcFowUXdaM1FKcDNTM1YzTkNGRVdMMVdidjFtWVJOM05zWnpVYXhrYjJFWFJQaG5kMGhYY0hKalRuZDBSdU5VZEdwVVUxbEhWdDVtYUpkMmJ4c3lWa3RpVjB0bWFDWldOS0ZYV3lZM2FYOWticGQwWnBCMVNwWlZPMEl6WXZvR2VDQlRiM3QwZDFFVFlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVHJFbGI0NUdOSkZUYW9Sbk11cEhTMWhtUVFoR05wUnpaMFkwZFdCMVJxTjFOU1ZuVmxkV2JHaFRZMTQyWlFKVVZIZFRNc3BsYlVGa2MzUm5ReVFGVXRwRWNRRkhNczlXVDRaSFpya1RUMHRtTUZSWGV3RVhjMVkyUlI1V055Tm1ZWE4zWnJoR1IwbHpjeEVYYm5GVVNPSlViMzUwY2hoRGIyZ0daMUVUZHVaVGJ3aGpUNVpHU25ORlR2b21NUE5YV1hkVlV2MDJaSlJUYXI0VWV3OW1aNlZqTkxoR1RQOXlNdkowWnZJMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/7364080_ico.png?ts=1613156952" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sun Bangla
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVExwR2N3aEZhd1prUXI1a2N6bFVORWQyVFNWMlJUQm5kaUZYZDVwRWMzWmtSMHhFV09GbmVhWlRla1p6WndwVVRxOWtkeVpUZDBVa1ZsMVdNSmxFU3JVamEzczBWS3RrVjJKMFVyQnpSanhXUktWMkxoeEVhQjVXY29GaldzOVVhNVlYWmxWbmN2c0VWWWxYYTNsSFZIWm5SdUpVWXFwa1QwVlhUT1pqU3ZkR2R2aDNTR2RYUzRSekwzd1dlMkpIY1UxV1F0TjFkRmwyVFZaMFR0WmthemtWYVF4R052WTBhWUZtZEVaRk1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVHZSRWNCRlRhMUpqVDI1MmRTaDFWdkEzZExSRldSTjFaNDFHTWpsSE9udFNZNGcxYjVWblo1a2xVVEpuYVBWMFU2QjFhMHBrY29GWFdXbG5ZWUJuTU1wR2FHVjBVNkprZTRaVU96bEdPeFlIT3BWbGF5Wm5iVVJIZUdwbFJ0cEdac2RrUVdOM2FRZHpMR2RrZHJGemFpZG1Vc2hVUndjbVZsRlhld1YyYkhkVWFzMUdTcVZITzBkblNIWjBOaWxHVTBCMWRFWkdlbFYyYlFwblNxZDBiTGRXUjNabk5hTjBLNU5FY010U1kzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WvrfVsv.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVGh0RWExTWtld1pVV3BGVldNbDJRSTVtWktkRE4wWmtkeGNHT3ZrbFMwZFRVT1pUVTZ0MlMxcEVWSEoyWm1sV1RSWjBLMlpVUjZsVmVaWkhUcjRtVzNaa2FhTlVlbVJITjN0R1dKNVdZM2NtTVloVmRDUlVkNFlHZWoxa1l2bDNNUXBrUUl0bU0yWmpSMTQwY3Voekw1TUdPdk4zU1JOVFNubEhNSXhXT0RwbGQ0VmpjTnRVTTFSM1M2UjJTVzUyY3FkVlpxZDJaUEZWVXhzV2R2Sm1RMzFrVW5sR1JaOUVOemRrYjE5V1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVDJzR2FVdGtUa05uUzVaMk1MRlhkTUJuU1R4bWNWbEdhRVJuTWtSWFU2TkZhMmQzWXdvblY1cG5UckVIZDF0MExyUjBLcGRHWkVwMEwydzJRalJsYmhwMGF2QmxjeXAzTHFKVmQwd2thNVFuVExwVU4xRjJkbWxGUndwV1F4SkhSbDFVYzBCbmFyc1VVWVIxWkd0Mkx4WW1aMkZIVXlzVU1zUlhVcUJYYkRoMGI2ZEhhclFGVTZWamR5UWxXTnRtVEtGbVFJaG1kNElWV0lobld1WmtjaWgzYzFvblZ6TlVUeWxsYkJWWFNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824801_ico.png?ts=1613206658" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Picture
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVHVaRWR5UjNjclp6YTZCVFZobFhNYUpYUndvV2V3aDJiMWNuTjBaWFp1UjJZdWgwY0g1bVQxSjNZMkZYZVR4V1JMZDFTbnhHYmtKVWNxeG1OTnBGTjBnMWJpRmtSeHhHYnVsWE5FQkRhVzVtTVdGWGF1TlhlbWhUTnhaVlMxUkZUYVpWUTFRblMwQTFjMWtUYTBZRFR2bERPd1YwWlFWamVMRkhOeVVYWjBnMFp2Z3pkSFJIVnpKbE1ZZFRjUXBtUnZWR2EyQXpic2hIVlNGVFMxRlhRSGRUTUtwbWNvZHpZNmhXZXdWM0szMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tvadvertising.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/135_image.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Tv
http://?b0p6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVFJOemJDZDJjNEVqV3BKWGNXVjJOWXBYVDRSSGVKVmxibEpsVXBObVR4ZDJLYWx6YVhCSFNUcGtUNUl6YXpORGNZSlVNNWhIT3hrRldpbG1OTlZsYk1wM2RpTkZkeElVTm9Sek5zbFRhamRHVTVwbk16UjBjdE5uY094R2NuaGxTSXhXWTVBM1Z1WkVSbnhrY3VGMVRZWmpRNUJGVm5kMllGTm5hMWtIY0ZwMWRDaGtUdWxqVndKMVRyY21kMEZITTZOR2VoRjFkS1pGVW41MktyZFhaeWRqTWxSWFQyVmxaUVZGYjFnblVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", 9XM
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVE5oMWRrUkRUdmcwYjNselF3TWxZcVpITmlsbVdRUnpaUlZUYnNkSGIyWnpiTlpGV1BwM1pVcDBSc2xUY010aVlXZFdUMkZUWUJwMmFVdDJUUUYxZDVFSGM0Z1VSWHQyU3M5VWRtZDJjc2gzTndFamFaMTJiclJ6VG1kSFN3Tmxjc3QwUjJ4MkxJSkZOclpVYzJCalZJSlhUNlIxYnpJbFRGUm5UelJUWVFwR2FyUWtiTHhVZXVoRWFqZFhVeXcyU1Jobk0xOVdkekVtWTRjVE0zTkZSbVprWjROWFQyQTFMa1pVYmxaVmFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVHpFVGVsWlRiUlIwWnlSa2NXUnpkQlpITkNKVWNDSjJhb1prVkRWSGFvRmxjMlZEV0h0V1Y1TTNTdUJuYkVGa1FMZFhid3htUTB0eWRIVlhPakZuYjFnMWNzeFdUeVozY3NGalYxZDJUeG8zYmx0MktLUjFaeXNXUVpSV2JxaDNWMEVEYmhoM0wwMDBVU1psZXJzU2MwVlVRNGRrWmtGRlZUSjNMa1JuWU1kVmJsaFZjdFpHTTRsVWJVaDJZb2xtVmxsMWF6SkRjSzVVZU5GVWR4SmpjRWxtWTJKWE9qQmphdEYyY1pkRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVEdwRmVRUlRXb1pXTXlSbE1EUjNVckIzTld4a1QzZ2xhRlZYV3lsVk9wbDJNRVIzTldGSGM0bHpUcnRTYXdOWGJ6UWtRcEpYVllGbll4ZzJidU5WWW9WSGVuWkVNUlZ6TnFOR1VFaGtidXBuUUVaVFJRbEdjdnhHT0tGMGQ1OVVOSE5uTnpzMllFWm1hM2tsYkt0U1c0dEdOdlZtUXhZMVVQWjNTVGgyS3dJRmM1c21NaVZEZDZwMmJtQjNZNVJYVEpKMkxySkRlQnhXWjBnRVJ0WnpRRkp6S3ZjSFR5TkVVcmczYXFsRFRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sgp1.digitaloceanspaces.com/quickcompany/trademark/38da866a0646683c.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", ABZY Movies
http://?bkpXTWpSVVdpeDJaeXNHYjVVRmRNeG1TeXcwWjRsRGRucGtUMGQzTnJOR1N5RlhkeklHYnlFRFUySm5NeWxVU0d4bWEycFZTd29VYnZJM2N5TWxZdXBuTnpKVlo1TjNiVWxFVEpsMmFZOTJMeEIzTjVGbmM2RnpMdGQyYm85bWMwOVNkbUowTXNaWFEzdDBNT3AxVTQ5R1VDOXlVU2hEYVFWVmFxNTBkbzlrVzRFMEt5a25Oemh6TnlrRmN3UlhTMllITTUxa2VPbDBkMndHTmk5Q1JMZFZlb0JYWjVRM1I1cFdPdkUzTHJjbVlTNUdlNUoxYTJjWE4xOVdlb3RTTk9GSFdPMW1XemNuUjU1a2V0SlRieGNrZDNWV2RsaEZkeXBuTWxWelNvTlZiMWxUZTM4V1dubEdkRVpuVGFGM05VRjJjUzEyWk10MlZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/359-3595110_b4u-movies-logo-b4u-movies-channel-logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Movies
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVDVZbWFTRjJORUIxVDFoMlVFWjNTSTUyTU9kRVp2OENiQ1ZXYUlGM1NzTmtldVpGVXYwMmMzRW1VQloyYjRRRk1wUlVXM3QwYldkMWNxUkhiMlIwUjVRMmRyUjNkbGxGVHJkVU1tRlVSeGgyTjN4bVM0SVRlaE5FYU1SRGEwRldlbkZrYzNsbVdOZDBZeDRFY0RGMmJXQmxSMUZHYzVrMWJvNW1lbWQxVXlaM2NVTjJaT3BGYnFoVVk1cG5TSUZIWnFCVk5XZFVhekVYTzFZVWQ2aDBMU2QzVk5ablp4d0VXQjlXZGw5Q2VuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/B/b4u-music-logo-12FA930444-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Music
http://?b0p6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVFZaRGIxVkdSeFlsZHJkRWV2Y1VieUIzUjJZWFYzaFVjSHhtU2F4MFR0cEhTdVJVYVRwM2FTdENTbk5UZTNsbllqTmxkeU5HY0xGMFIxaFdlRXBuUTNvWGVtUlZjeEZtWXpSbFdFWkZiMW8yWnVWRVQxaEZhUEpXTklCbFMzVldNdE56Vkx0MkxyTTNNcVYwYjRrR1RoMVVaM3BGYjVvbVJ6STNNWWhYUnhvSGFHaFZaSFZFY3dkM2NuWkRVd1JIU1FaWGVGaDJjMThtTTBNelM0UlRSRkJsZVpsMlkxbFZZNGxGYm1SbGRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/Logo_bein_sports_1.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 1
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVFUxMGNLVjNicTVHV3VKamVWVkVOemhuYTFjMVFTVkhjd01qYjYxRVR3WkRiQmQwU245bVUxSldjTXBGYXVOM1IxVlRhdWhtTTBvV1ZNaFdSUGRtTmpabWJ4Z25aRTlHUm5aVWNVbFZOaDltWjNWRU92ZFhjbmRsVUNKWE41Tkhha05IWnhwR2V0WkZhbGwyY3o4a2U1Rm5kMk5VUTVNbVRCUm5UbUpGVnBkamIyWjNNUGhIY3E1V2RhSjJWaFJIT0xKa2NrQkZhelpYT2lWR2FuWjFSRDkwTmpsWFpQZFhXU1ZqYU5kbmQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/c4/51/a9c45169901929a07f6bc7bd2f81aa40.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 11
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNsV1lpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVFdGMWF4NVdhSTlXZXZaRVV3TTNhbUZIYlhkR1ZsbEdiUEZHVXJKMUt6cEdPMkkxVUc1V2JLNUdTWjVtZFdselUxQVhac1IwVG1kalJ1QkhNVFJFTlpaVmVSUm1OSUZHUnFORmFyWVZXWGRuTUJaRFpyY25jc3R5VUZwMVM1cG5keW9ITUJoWFZoWmxXckpYY3hGVVc2UmxTcDltVEZKa01YaFhXTEpETjBwbGVLWm1SSUpFYW85eVkzSWtWWngyVTU5Q1VoMUdlM2NYZDMwR1I1aGtiQ1oxTjBRWE9yeDBOd2cxYk1abVEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Logo_bein_sports_2.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 2
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OclpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHZGamQ0TldOS1ZtUTZWMVNyUWxXeGcyUVV4MGRJVlViNGRuUVU1Mll3UldhUk5UYTBsV2FVZEZjd0JEYm1aMVVPWm1Vd2xGVTBnRk1oNTJZaWx6TXdoMmFQMVdaakZUY3NKWFZRWjJWb2gzZHNWa2NtRjJhUE5EYjBJVVR4TlhPcmxsVDRSWGJtMVdiMUVqZFlGVVoyRVVSd1JGU2p0aVlySW5Wa3BIYXhrelp1SkdNRkZIYnBsbWRLaDJOWjlHUm5wMVVpUlhheTRtZFlGelk1Wm1OWnhXTzFBbmIya3piMXMyYkdaRk4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/Logo_bein_sports_3.png/1200px-Logo_bein_sports_3.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 3
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVHloa2RQdDJTSHRVWXR0bVczeFVaRlZYTnlKWFIySm1lTWhrTmpSekxvOTBZUGxITzNWbmV3QTFRbE5qYVJwblk0UUVScmxsTVZsSFIySW5NckZEVlJKVmNvUm5SeFkxYjFkRE8yRTBMMzkyUUI5V1J0MTBkWmxVUUZSelMySlRUR0JUUUtCWE5JQmpRWWhtZFRSelZWdFNOekZUVlo5Q2FOMVdTRzVFVmk5V2FOVjNTcmwzUm5Cek00Tm5hYUZYWnNSWFJ0cGxlbkZUVGlGSGRyWmxOc1IxVHRGWFdJSkRWTHBIZUlGRmJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRzr0RFwcAvkAaOfALVDZ87J4McAkvfj-BR2w&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports Xtra
http://?c1JYVExCMU5FdFdORTlpUmo1V2RSVkRjeFpsWXhaemFabG1XeUFIZWFOa2JoTjFjV3RHUm1oV1kwRmtUU0pWZEZoWFNPRlVaaHBuYnZnV09oOVNVcTlrTjFVVmQxeEdVVEpuV3FCVmU1MGtlMGRYWXJGSFJxMUdkMGMyVklaa2RzUjBaTWRXYXNWRlQyeEdNVGRqY25sbmExczBUTHAxZFRWa05yWkZPdUoxUVhkVFNGaFdSemRXT3ZObmFYaG1WeUlVYzZsMGNXeG1ZWVZIUlk5MEs2OWtiM2hWUkNoR1YxMTJkanBtUmxkM1YzZ0RkaUZsZHhSWE53WmpaMGxVYWhSbGRMWlhZdUJUYXdoRmN5MGtiM1kxUTRaalF5aG1TVUIzYk1Ga1UwVldkbUptWldKMU13UkVheFlIVDMwbWNhRm1ONFpVYWFoMUtSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/bflix-movies-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Bflix Movies
http://?bnBtVTRwM1V3VjNjMWNWVDRVRWN1TmxlM2hEYzFoWFRUTlZPM0ozY29CVlNrMTJadkYwVUZaVFpzZDJRNDhVVFk5bWRhUkZackZuYjNoVVJRWmpZd1ZUY1hobmN3bDJacWhrV3ZZamE0WlVUSzlDWnhSbVJ6WkdOMWhuWXdOVmE1RjBiMFFqVndOVVU2UjBObzkyVjBzMk5MbGpTTE5YYVdKMU5HMVdRclJqYlVwbVpFdG1ZSUpYZE1kRmU0SkdNMFVsVzNKV09yMGtRTjkyUm45MmRGWkRkNjkwVmtsMlZ1SnpLd29FV3c4bVFWSkhSVk5tYXpkWFl6QUZjbzFrVUk5aWVsZEdXQ0ZIUzRoV2RuRjJTeDRtWjBGV1VoUnphQzlXUkhkemN3QW5laGRrV3dOWGN2bG1ieWh6TXhzMmJESnpNeFVGZWlwRk9TQm5iMTFrYjZGWE0zcG1UeFptUkwxRWJvbEZhU2xsYXIxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S3lVg3i.jpg?1" group-title="Hindi Channel", Box Cinema
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVHdGM1ptUlhOdHhXWXZGMGJ5MEVPNVlIZXFaRGIxSWthNkZ6U0tsR1VuRjBZWk5GTjNBSE90aFVjNWdqYTFobGRZcDNiMGhYU3Q5U1lqcEhabUJqU1ZKWGVLVkdkVmQxU3pWSE4wSUZXd2dIU09WMmRZSmphRXRVT3c4R093aFVjQ1JWUVdoMlNPQnpMMmhXYkxkVFRZcG1Xb0ZWWlVoM1Zyc21Samx6ZHNKVmJMaGxheFltVXdGWGRNSjJLRWxITXRCRFZqSlVjRHRTVmhkRmJuMWtVcE5qTjVwV1J5VTNVSUp6ZHBwbk1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://q7h8x4g8.stackpathcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/COLORS-CINEPLEX-2019.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Cineplex
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVGt0MGEyRVhhdkZUTnBSVFFXZERST2xYWjBWRE5waFhhMXNtWlVWMFRzSlVOc05WV0ZsM1JQaERXMVFWYk5oVFFKaDJic1pqVnhZemJZNTJWUkJYTnBOamR4WUZVREZXYXM1R1NubHpTYWRYVXdRbE01UWtjNE1rVVR0MFIzeEVPM2hIVzBvV1pOSmtkcncwZG5aamVMRkVTemh6Y0tsRk9EMVdPMFJuZEdSSGF3VlZibVJWZXM5R2N3ZGxieE5IY3dFMmN6ZEhlMmxrY21SWGRwaDFNVVoxY1IxbVVTQlRUTzUyWlZwM1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Colors_tv2017.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors HD
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVHdJMmRNdDJhMElqTTNGWFVNdGlkU3hXYVp0MEs2TlZlRlZqTXVsWGF0TlVlNjlHUnRwM1RHSlZWNEZUZE9GMVF2a21lcnQwTDZoVFc0cG1STGRIZEVSRmVqZG1ZaDlVWnVWbFIxSWxjVjFtTXo1MlU0QlhheW9HUlBOamEwaG1NekExVU9oV2N6a1RjNDFHZDRsbFNIaEVSelpVUzNkbVdGVm5VMmgwTTVrbGJDSjNZMlJEVXlOSFUwMWtUSmhXVGtaelV2NW1lNUFYVjRvRlRuQkhOeDBrUTNFM2RVZGtZb2RGYUZKV00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVE1wbWFQbG5TUEJ6S3Q5VWJpVmpaTGxtVVJWRWJCaDBiTlpWVFQ5a00xTkZhbHBrVFc1R1VWUlRjMkFWZUpSbmM0OEdXMzkwWURkbmE0TTNZeVFWTkJaMGN0TkZOek1HU3lOalcxOTBMckVuYjVja1l6NEVhdmxVTnBwbVk0aGphelFUWlRSWGJFOTBSaVZtZTJ4MmJobEVlbzFrZHhrVmMza1hNeUZHZUdGVGJ5RmtOUWhsVngxV09UbERUbE5YUzAwV1pzSlVhTUJ6VVJaVFIyWkVaSlpGV0gxbVRNeFdiVmxuYkxGalMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1107539232598298624/aDupPKVw.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Ristey
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHpkVWNObFVkcmRUUnFwSGE1ZzBWNlpuYUMxRWFrZFVlbjVVVW9sM1J1bEhOTUpUV0NkSFZzWjJRaHBHYnJSbk5QaGtNdVowS1Y5V002NVdaSlZGWlBkMmJCNVVWd2N6VW5OMUtIWjBVdHBYUTVRbk1yRW5jbnBsVlZGRWF2Vkdlc1ZWY3d3bVNWUkdha1pWYVhaVWIwOTBTeXBWUlZWMVZSbFhWaGhHUjR0aWFtWlZOWVJXUzBOelF0VmxWNVZYYnhkVGJOdG1hbVZWUkROa1VzQmxWMnBXT2lkR2VDUjFRNlZHZFBabU1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Dabaang
http://?b3RFYUVSMVJZMUdiNUZVUkZoRWM2cG1ZbWRFZHpsVVFIUjBLT2xuVlZCalN4RTFjbloyVnhGV1l3TkdUVmQzUTBFM01sTldkMXRFZGlGRmM1bzFVengyVTJnVlU2Um5WdllEU2pabGE0OXlOT0JYYnNSRk8zQkhNNWNYTXRORFN1RkVlaFZHYzY5bVc2eDJVVVYyTjRzV2FZRlROSlJHZHJWVE5QZEZXc2hrUk5KVlF3VlhkVGxHVG5GV2IzZFZReUFWTjQxa1p6UjJWRHAyUXhBRlNLZERhNUlrYzQ1MGNwdENidGhqZGxKSFVKcDBOMVZrYURoVmNRbFdRbmRrZXY4MFM2cG1VMk4wS1lsbWFuTkhjTmRWWjROV2R2TURaQ2xIVDNKWFVKdG1hUFozUTBna2MwSkRhUkJWY3prV1RqTlhUd0pVYXJRWFkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7a/df/4f/7adf4f93765290728de8f3470d780170.png" group-title="Sports Channel", DD Sports
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVEg5MFpRRm5XRzUyVDF4RWQySTFaanhHUmpWamN3VlZhSkZWUTI1ME5vUlhTTloyVDNwbWJGWlVVcU5UZDRjWFoxWjFaNkZuV3ZWalkwSkhjckVYWjR0MmI1UUhlWFJVUjZOMUxHNW1kMGdYT0xaa1p5RjFidjFHTnVWMWIwbHpjb1owZFI1R1ZISmtaS2REZW1OSE1qcFdaNWwyUkxGV2VzTm5UMDhFYTJkWGJhVkRiSTlXWTRWVWR5Y0dNTWRXVTRVa1FHRlRhMXBGYUJ0bVJ5SnpkSk5uWjBBWGJxWjJTNDRtYXJNME4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/ae-dubai-racing-2-3859.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Racing
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVDY5Q2J3TjFMWkZXZTNGMWE0ZDBTd29XZVAxa1d0UkhlR3RrWTVvMFN1cDFhdGxIV3NoWFFxZGtRM1pqZTV3R09MMWtkeUJ6UWExVU9VbEdXQ0pHVU1oMWN2bEZiVWQwUXdkemJVRlZhM2xXYVp4MGJNZFRiTEZEZVI5aVFvVmphdnAwYVNaSGV6WVVRb2hYYURCWFRqeEVVcDl5U1lSelR5NG1lNUYwUWsxa2J6UmxRQlJVYnpkallPMW1lVnhHYXJrbGRzRnpkNXNVT3RGRU1zRkRWa2wzTE9oSGVWcFdVamxVYnN4MFpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.desifree.tv/wp-content/uploads/DUBAI-SPORTS.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Sports
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVFg1MmR5WVhWWVZUVnJKbGRuVlZiMWczSzBwa2V5bGxjR1ZqUWloSE96aG1UWjEwWjNKbmU0cG5jd2NEYklabmFLUkdhMDVrWU5wRld6a0hUeGhHU3dGbGRoOWtka2RGTXVOMVUxc0VadGQzVnJoVVpZbFRiSEJsYUloVE93bGtid3dVTW1kM2MweG1TT3RDYjNzeVlTcDNLd0prZTQwV2NDaFhNeVFVV3k5U2F5azJkNW9uVnhoRWJoRjFUeDQyTUpSVVlVQlRhNVZUTzBJVVZzaGpUNmhFYW9wSE12VldVbmxtYVJka1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/225-2256876_edge-sport-logo-png-png-download-edge-sport.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Edge Sports
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVElKRWJPRkdPWXRXUXk5MFJZbHpiNWRITUxkMlFuTm1kTFJVUnlVVU9xbGtlMmdFYkdWbmR2RjNkNEZUYVlwV1p3bzFWNVZWY3JBRk13eFdPNVVYUUdwR2FtaG5OQzlHWnB0MmN6SUZOcnBuYkRKamNTWkRkaTFtVndRRFp4RlZOMk1VV0xsM0tUSkdPU3BIZVVSWFUxODBabkJqU0NOelNyWW5iaGQwUUpGVGF2VUVTeXNrVTVwV2NYWkVTV05YVXdaV2VOZDBhenBFU0wxa052bDJabkJsVW9sMlJRQnpLeUpYZXZKbk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/E/Eurosport-logo-E3F6A32147-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHlkRWFNZDNjcnNHT29WMGFaMUdPUnRtTTVZMFN2UUZhVFZIWkxSV2M0MUVNNFZsUWFWblpUQmxTS05WYk1KRFVpMWtNb1ZGVTNZMWFYeFdWd1UwY2pOSGEzaGxOaWRuWTNGalpvUmtiVWxYUXlVVGRKOVdidGwxZGpSRld1RlZiemxXYzIxV1dwQlhkdlJtYVZWV2R4eGtVelZIVmtoR2V2TTNZNFEyTTF0V2N2SURTTXBtVTFGV01NWkZPWUozWVBORWNoNVdkM2htZDFnMFV1dFdTcFZGZDJVbmM0c2tOMk4yWnlKM1YzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/Eurosport_2_Logo.svg/1200px-Eurosport_2_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports 2
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVEtSbGMxY1hZNFZFY3NGVWFtTkdPcjBXZTFWVmVHUjJhbE5FWjFaMEw2VjNRNjVtUklGWFUza1dlS0YyYVRCSFR2TUZiNFpsZTBGRFVZTm5hVEZFYnl3V2U0UjBkc2hqVXBoR2JYaDBhaWwzYjRoa2JvRldiSkozTjRkSGE2RjFVMThFZXlJSFVvVnphUWRrY25CRGNaZDFWdUJqVnhVbFNybG5iVlp6Y21kVmJPOVVjMkZEYzFObVoxdDBZck5IV205Q1VOTlZkeU1WWXBoWGR3eEVOcVJFUnVCWGJqQlRUNUpFYTVNR1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logofootball.net/wp-content/uploads/FC-Bayern-Munich-HD-Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", FC Bayern Tv
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUkROWGR4RVhOYWgzU3MxMmFqSjFMNWRITzFCWE93UURjTFZUZGtkRE1zZG1ZUTVtUk1GSE8wZEZhclVYYk81VWFpRlVUNDlrTjBFMGNvWjNSNW8wU2twMGRCSkVOd05WUjVoVFR5UjFVWmRXTjVsRlNzRm5iMWtHU29WMWFzVkVjTTVXYjRnWFNUZDBhWHBWY0pGR1p5bDNNMkpVZFVCVE5zNTJNblZUU0dKRGM0dEViVFZVYXR0MmNSTmpZeWxXTlZSV1J3QmxhaUZYV3FkblFzbDNUczlHTVlaM2JSbHpUWEZHYU5OamJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.fightsports.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/FightSportsLogo2x.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Fight Sports
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVHVwbmRLTmxZdkEzVXhWVk9OMWtTUWQyTU9ObVNTZEhkRnBIV0ZsbFZ3NTJZMEZXWnZkV2JxdFdaYXBWZVBoelJYRnpNenBHVXBkVVN1Wm5ZNFZrVVlSV2NzVkhPcGhHTXJCSFNCNVVTMGwyYzJwMVV3WVRkdDlVYjV0Q04zZDFkeHhVUk9kV053Qm5aaUpqYjFGM2JHSldNbmhtTTRnM1N3ZG5OM3NXVnhsRmUzTkdPSDVVUnVwWGV5a3pWa2gyWk9ORE12dGthRnAwVFBGemNwSlZhT3gwWk54bVM0ZzNhMkpFZU41MlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e8/Masala_TV.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Masala
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVFFkRGR1VjNNSFZUWTVaamIxcEVjT1ZIWk1ORVJwaEZhMjAyUTFVV2QzVkVad1JIZXBKWFFxZERTWGx6YzRsbk1HQkRUNGxIYkNOamNLbFhZQnRVZVZKRGF5VVRleGNrZW45R2RZeEdSM2duZW9oV1laZERlNjltYk41bVozRmtjaWwxTUpSM2M1QkZjdmdtZXpVMVlvVmpUd2xIU3V4a1cyWkhSenAxZHlsRmRGVkRXMU5uYnFGMlZrQlhVd28zWTNNV1kzUlZldEYzTG5kbGRvaGpSU0ZuTnZSSE5FRlVhaFJ6Yk9OVFZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/projects/404/14494583.548597b56b924.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Sitaray
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVHNWbWE1VVRUcWhVTjFKMFJ2Y25ZTWhYWWhSVk42OVNldklITks5VVM0WjNkNU1YWnlBM1J6czJZajkwYWxGVFFwUlhSNU5uYXZjbE5NRjNha0IxY2paM2E0cFdkM0VYYzBwbWVuQlRkeTVXVjNRR1R2RlVkNmRVYTM0V1I0MUVPNE4zWUNoWFJCdFNTd1lUY2Fkblp3eDBMM0ZUT3laV2VpWjNTdjBHYkw5U2N4dG1SemRIVHNKRE1OZEZNc0JuVzJWemRRQkhjd0ZHTjE1RVd1aERiejRHUzBsbWFrRjFVM1kxWnh0MlRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/Hum_TV_2013.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Tv
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVFVKa2NESmpWMTBtTXI1V01KaDNiT0IzVVRkVVR3WXpiNFJYWktGbWIwMVdiMlJYY1JwV1o2VjBRajFXZExKVmRucGtaeTlXV0tsbmVZbG5abWRYYjRrM2NRUkVkS1psVnRWR05ISjJSNEJYWVZ4MlQxbG5hS2xWWkhGSFJ4RjJiWVZHTW9aM0tTWmpjeGMwZFE1a1NvVkhSekJIZFVoamVxZDJhMDBrZFFaRGVDbDJiR1YzTjBobE5EcFhWUTFtY0toM1VTMVVjSnBGZXJRRFUzZFdXMnNXVnY0V1Y0VjBTMUVVYjFKbFZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", India Today
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVDFkRmFQVlRhd0owUTFSRmNLeDBjYU5YZFFSVWJIRmpkekZEZDI1a2N5cFVhdWxEZXNOWE0wVm1RbEpVYndZV2EzMVVkbkZWVjZaVmNtVjNidXBFY1NkWGRuZG5OQkZHU29WVk01cGxXekJYYjExVU0wY0hjWUYySzFSalJ2bDNTV0ZrUUdobVFWRjNONnhFYkxSVk9UcGxNM3AyVDBoRVIwZDJWM1FUZUxGbWRIQnpMMEpqZG9aa1JNOWlReVYzWTJZRVpRWm5kUWxrVm1ORU4waEROdU4yVXhrbVMzNTJUdUZYY1FGRWJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fPuBXRz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVGlCWGRrUm1RNnBGVzRGMWJTaG5lVmgyWlhoM1VKRmpkNWQzYjNRa2V2RjJjSHBYY3ZjV01YTm1kVzFHYVlWalVSQjFjMzVtYnZVRGVVaDJjcVpVYXkwR2V4UmxjMGRqYjBGbmNRZDNSdWhIV1c5U1l3c3lhaWxtYVBWbWIzZDJUdEZIWnZwR2FDbGxZTHQyWk1Ga1Z4MTJOekpEY3pWVWRDcG5WYUpsVHNSVmJ5WjNiWGxuUnJGa1dZOVNRenAzVHBwa2QwbEVjdmwwUkgxMFE1WjJTQkpFU0RsV1RIWlZWUlJqZHRkbmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/33/Mastiii_tv_channel.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mastii
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVG5WV2NUcFhPNDhVZTY5bU5UcEhOM2dITndjbU1URjBaMzVVWmh0RWF1bDFjeVIxWkhoSGJUWm1TbUJ6ZHR4RVdMUjFObjUwWU5WVVU1a1daTHRFWnp3RWEzZG5lWE4xUXVoMGJEQlhWS1ozTWF0MGNDZFhlcVIxYklsalQ1RjNZbkZ6YUVKSE9SUlROelpIY0tKVk80a1ZieXRrVHdsMVVPcDNTbWxVY1BaamJQUkViRFZUZTZKVU1zZEVlTjlHVDBzR04zQUZhbWxVVVhORFZ3SkRib2RrVTU1V2RHTnpSeThpZDRVbGIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a735.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Football
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVHBoVWFpVjFSVWhIYjVaVlN4UlhTVE5uWU9OMFEzTjFab1IxZFVoa1VxSlZhWHBWU3hnblQxZGxVdVoyZDFjVFdQOTBaNTVtV1ZSVVRKZG5VMU5YYkJaamN3TjJjSDVrVXhwbFNyOVVNeDhHVHBORGRhRlRickZrVXdORWFzWjFOR2hFZHVSSGN6WW1hMUVHYTJCMWM0cFVlNE5IT3JFM2FZZEdXcUZUZHcxbWV4OVVTSEJUWXY1V2RpbDJaMzhHVmFSMEswUjFhVFZtU3pGVld6VkVaVzUyS2t0bWF2cFZjNGcxWnpJRk9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://anonymania.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/matchtv.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Sports
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVFNKR2JqWkRWdkZHVDZ4V1lqVm1VTGRYYjZWSE0wRVdicU4xVjNKellxbFRRRWhuTVoxbWJGbEdVRVJ6WnpobVNNSm1ZdTkwVmFKVGR5c0dXTGxuZFlGa2JvQlhNWU5uTjBWRmRWQlRVT2huTnBWbllxZHpid1lUWWlabGNybERNVzUwWXZsV1FhQlhhNkZuZTVGSGVKdG1XcFJuUTBaRlJ4cG5jcVJuY29kVGR6QkRNR0pETzVaMFFIVlhOVGwyYTNGemJaaG1kUWwzS1VWSFV3OW1lSlJqVEhsM05qbGxXbUJUYVpkalEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/MBC_BOLLYWOOD.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", MBC Bollywood
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVDJkSGFsRlRidE4wU3RCbFFJaFhjdjBHVjAxMGFGUjBkc2wwTmxkRVdxRkZaNDhFWlZGM1paUjNTcWQyYzRaMFJ2bDFSMlpFVW9oVFpySkhleTRrZEpsSGF4Y0RlRFJXUnRsVlZIQjNjRXAzWVFkbllZUkhkcEJGTkNselR5dEdaaWR6VmpkMk1ZUm1ZaWxqYUVGVGV6UldRMGwxTTJ0MlZIZG1UeGxHYUdoVWNacEViWFZ6ZHFSR1pqTmxSaTEyVU05V1V2a2phYVZUZHlkM0t2RlZRM3BVZGFsV2FsdFdNdzhVYjNzQ2QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn-1.motorsport.com/static/custom/general-motorsport-com-team-2015-motorsport-com-logo.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Motor Sports
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVHZnVmVWWjBOeUltUXo5MFF6ZG5WMm9uVlI5bVpUWkhkek5sUjBwbWJ2RmxTQ0IzY01CSE96RUVVcEZGYTVNWFFNTkViblZsY0doRmVSdDJLekVFVXRGRGRHaFVhdnR5S3FGbGNCMTBRQzFXTW9KM1MyUlRlQ2hqTUo1RVQwcGxkdGRuZXFsM1Uyb21OUkIxYzBKVlZPMUdkMnRXU1hGbFVNdDJOaXhVUllka2QyaFVTazVFUjVsM1NGcG5VVnBHVHhNWFZLbG1hbVptVDFkRmVzUjNNR3RrZTVrMmM0UkVhMU5rY0Zsbk1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/mtv-beats-hd-kccl-tv-hd-beats-png-308_161.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Beats
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVGlKbmRSTkdXeUkyZHNkRU5ESkhVVDlXUXZvRlphWlZlUFpUV21sR2I0RlhRTWRtWUtKSFowWWxSeXNpZE50MGFSWlVPdFpGT29GbGR3WUhORGhFVk5wWGUxOFVVcWxHTzE5V2JQRjFZUjlXZDRSMFFEQm5jQzkyTXJvV2MzcFdkYVpuVUg1V2RFMWtheWtXZHlVV1JWSjJRc0JUWWFOelowZ1dNNVVYY0NKRGNSSjBUbDlVYnRKamFHaG1TejkyYkZwbmNHVlhlR2wwWjVZM1R6SmtNSXQwVHk1V1N6azJRM2MzWjFjRE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f1/MTV_HITS_logo.svg/1200px-MTV_HITS_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Hits
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVFVwMmRNcDBkd0EzUjFWVmNDeGtNRmhuY3VaMlZhaEdjMWNWVGw5MmNyaGtTMDVVZVVkbWJaZFdadjltY3pvbldrQm5XckYxVm9GbE53MUdPelFtTnlBbmE1OTJTNWNtWW5wbVVsUkdkblJITjRNVWFvaGtlMEpIV3Raak52VkRXb2RuWVFsWFQwUVhZV05qZW9sVllOcG1lNmRGYVBoa01zcFhaQ3RpVEZSbmJEOVVSem9YTzJoRmM0Z0RSRkJuU3JCSFp1UldkSnAxU3hjWGNxQjFLNWNUYWlwR1ZoTkdkNVpuZXdZMlMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/800px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv India
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVDRnSGVsQjFUNnBuZTNaMVZYNTBScjVHV0tsRGJSZDBac1pqV0NwbGExaEhVekFYUXJZbld4a1RkeU1rZHhFRk5NcGxZeUp6WTU1MlJzdDJONVpEVmpCMWJvbDBhUUZWTjRWMmJqQmpjbDVXTWs1bWN5eG1hMVpEUzBZbFRyZFZWRVJEV3RoR2J2RkhaTnRrZVlCWFdDOVVXcVoyWUxsWGUwZG1lbEprTlh4RWNhWjJhNU4wWXBwV1MzUVdla2xtUklsblF3Z0ZiTWgzTFpaemR0MVVld0V6S2F0V1F5TW1jWGxtZFdaRE9SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHNGM2RadEVSSEptYnBoRWRVbDJTSTkyU0laalprbFdiVEIzZHpRall4VlhNcHhrZEV4bU5XWldPUFZUZGlCRk81OVVUbkJGUnFOME55RW5UeGRYTnlsRmVOUjNkWFJXWW9GMWN6c0NjdWRtWVlkbmVWWjFiem9GYUVWMVFuVmxkSUpqWVdaWFN4ZGpiVVZXYnpsak4wUkhleGxFV3I1VVZNeEdWTHBIV3VOa2QzUjNWckpUZG5aMlJJaGtONXNXVXk0VWRJOUNhVXQwUXp3R1c0WjBSSHhFTXpJWGRWTmtOM2RWZHJoMktSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/Olympic_Channel_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Olympic Channel
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVERkM2JzUkVkUnBuVG9CVGJITjBjelIzTEJaM1Y1a2piNkJqUnp0MlNwbEdVMzhDZHlaWFN3bHpNVkZqYnZSRVRxSkhWMlJsVTVZVWFzUlhaV1ptYVRWRWMySXpkaWhsZHRoRFNKeFdkd1ZITkhsM0w2ZEVheWdrVkw5U1EzaDFMdEZ6TkNkblNEMWtiTlZIYVdWelVrUjNTNXhtZFJSRlczZEhOb3RtZFFOMFpXbFdkbkZqU3paMUxVTjJSTDVtZFFObVZySkVhR2RUY3JVRVZ2WmpTdnBtYkVobmE1bFdSU1ZVYm5sRk4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png" group-title="Sports Channel", PTV Sports
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVFFOWGQ2UjBiNUoxWjRsRlJWbEdXeWsyVEpCVlZ2bzNadzlrUW5aa1lyZHpjUk5qVjM1MkszRjJWVEpWYlVOVldhdFNUeWRIVllsMWF2ZFdTSWxuVVVSM2FQdFNTcmgyYTYxR05sUmtOeFVYUnZJalVPTjNkdllETnhOSE1vQm5SeXBXYjRaSGFSVldkcE5EZWhwMEwzSW5TMVZEU1JKRGVQMTJaSEpIVjM4V2R6Y3pZeWtHYXZwR05yUVhPRFZuWWhWelJOZHpjRUZYYWtGVFV1OTJLeFozY0YxbVNuUlVjS0YwYVU5eU4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824742_ico.png?ts=1613202550" group-title="Hindi Channel", PTV World
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVExsVWV6Y2xSSmxXV29sVE53WVViSnhtVlBSRlJaTmtkVkZ6UXZnblV0cGtieUJsTVpkR2JZUmtOSkozZFB4MlkzUVhUblpEUmt4R1RUZFhhNHBrWW5GbmNZVlVlRVpGVnl4a2RHbG1jU1puVTFnMFZ4VmxlbDVVZFN4VVVuVjJaclVtWlpWSE9yOW1UMFozY3JaRVZCdEVPb2RHTVl4MlRYVkhhM1EwYjNva2I1bzNVaFpWTjJGRFZUdHlMeHAyTndVRE9HZFhhNE1HU2tkV1czQmxNV0YzS3MxbVVJTkVOYUZqYXlrR09CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3c/1c/2c/3c1c2cd6a5e4de5511a86a87d82e5f85.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Real Madrid
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVGpCM1pJSjJRbTlTVnROek5IcGtRNDVXZElCRE1sSkRiT1JYWjZ0U01wUmtWM2hEZHh0V09rSmxaU3RrZGFGRU4ySlhSdTVXVTNrVVNucEhhVGh6THdrMGJSVkRkNFlHYXVsMU5qRm5aRHBuZDM0MGRHcDBiRmhWWXV4bVZzSlRhcU5uWkpkMmR6Y1dXRUJUY1lOMWNNQmxkekptWndkMWNWSjNLWmRuUldKVmJHNVVVRWhFZXRKR1J4VUdWRzFHVkhCVE5qNVVkMU1VTTJkbFpwRlRkTk5GVzFvWFZ5QTFhRVZqYjBVbWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/46-462953_red-bull-tv-logo-red-bull-tv-logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Red Bull Tv
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVDFKbWV3RjFVWWgwTnRORU41QjFMTHRHVnc5a1VvQkZhdXRVU1pGV2N1UnpjMFFXTTZsV1UwRlRObk5IYkhWelNSMTBZdE5GVkhoRWRCVm5NcllHZGgxa2ExaDBSQlpWY3NGVFF4VVhla1JYYUR4MllNUkhhemx6Y1E5MFFwRnpVMXRXZDE0V01tRlVTVE5VZUVoVmJhOWlkNmhVVjVnMFl3RkhNMEpXYUpWemFDZFhUTHBuVjNWVVdSaEhhRnRXZXhjVFpZVkdkVHBIZURkbWNxUmtRR3gwWkt4bVEydG1XQ3AzY1VKbGUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/sharjah.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sharjah Sport
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVFZsM2M2TjFMMm9XT3FCalZITkZSRnhtVlRSVU1JbHphb1JuV3ZaVFRxVkZOcXAyTVVGSFRqVmthMnBWZWhaVVVvQmpUcFIxYWpsVFk0Um5OSHRtVDJjMWNRRkhSWTEyTDFkME1FWkhXV1JYUTBJRk9KTmxkSWQzTUJOR053bDFkcFpGVnlBM1F5aEZSRWxUZEVaa2VabHpVdTVVYndVMlk1aDNWbVZWTUlSemFPaEZTcm9WUzJWMWN1bFdPcHRHZG5sMlJNaGxibnBYY09Oa1lzOWtWM0FqTVNkbVNNQlhiMVozYkNkVVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824741_ico.png?ts=1613202319" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Bollywood Premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://techstory.in/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ShemarooMe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://archive.org/services/img/SkySportsCricket_201708" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVDVRbGJ6d1VhdDlrUXNsM2M0Z0VXSUpITlZwRVp6RVhiWjUwVENwRmFxZDFRU0ZETW1obk0yVXpRdlVqZHhoMVoxUkVVNU5IT0tSSGFTOTJab3AzVW4xV2Exb1VaQnBXVDJoVlZPVjNSNmhtVXljelM2WkZiUlYzY3dvVmFzNTJZRlJtU0VOSE95RUdiTVJXYzQ4R2VxZFVUdGRXYzVsalMzRlhNd2hUYnBWM2NDWmxVWUprYXhoVE96NG1OeHhXYzV4bWNLWjBkNHdFZUh4VVkweDJWSWhYYVdsSGRYZDFNd0p6WklGVlpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Football
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVFZWbGVCbEVNVmQwYTBSRWNNUldTUEZYTzFCbGVLVm5kdllIZExGM1I1bDFSeWwyZEpGM1pIeFVNeUpIYVM1Mk4zTmxXbmRsTjJnMVlOTm5ZSmxWWnNGbmV4MUVaS3RXVXlka2FaOVdabDVHZTFFR2QzWWpjc1oxTW1WRVQ0aGpXWmRqZGlSSGFOcDBZdFZuYTNKbWR0Um1SekoyTEpOR09aTm5TMDBVT1RWVGJJdFdPaEJ6VnZObVN6c0VOS1pYWnMxRVR6WTFhWWRVVld0a2F0bGtOcWhtTk5sMlpLOWtibFozYlg1VU1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVHBaVGF3Vm1TQ1JXYXhaMlJrWkZlcmtYVHhFa1dZSlhiVkpUUnhJVk91cFVPaTlTYWFWSE00TjJONTAwYlNSak5NTjFNc0ZrTlFaak4xOFdZNVJGVTNKRGRoZFVSd29tUXUxVWNCbDNWS3AyZEJSM1NYTkdiVFJuWUk5RU94cEZXRnBIY1lsSGVGZFhUeFYwYjA0V1k1c2llc0JITXJObFMwY1hXaTlVVzNsRGV5ZDNZeWRIVjVSVVFOOTJLMTFHVlJSVFVwcDFiNUlIT3I4V1MyZHpiaWhHZWFoM1IwRkVjVEJuYk9kV2UzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max 2
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVExkWGR2QjNUV05WVDNwbFpaVm5OSlpuZHdZMlp5VVZjdVJHVktsVVF5bERXSWRYYXNoWFozc21SSHBHZFB0a2UwRUdiNEZXV3hSemMza21RWkJUY2tSemM1QlhSd2tGWnloM0xDTlZlM3htYTRrVE81SmpjUFprY1Q1VU53bHpUdlIxUTBvV080RWphd2xXZGFaSGVKZDNUMk5UYm9ObFlDUjNMWTlXYlRwRWV3TTNjNDhVY3BselR4NVVRWjFXYVRkV2UwRkhlNVFET0toSGV6UjJaajFFYkdWblJoQlZRNjVtYTQ4V1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max HD
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVDE5VWF2MTBMYXhtTTBKR2E0cG1hT0ZuYzRnRU5VcFZhNkpITmxOVmU1aFhjMnNXVkxsM1NoUjBhSmhEZHdBell2c1daNTkyS3VGV2VoSkhiMzBHTk9CMWEwSTJZUzVHVW9sbFcxTW1NNVEzY3h3bU5EdEdkblp6ZHVwMmQ1TmtRYWx6YlRsV1JHaDJkVUYxYk1kVmEzbGxVc05EZDRsVGRETjNSbEpYYXhJRGVCTjNMMTltVjVaM01JcEhXMk4zTXZVVFYybEVhNWRGVnhJRk55RjNZdWhuYzM5R1VpOVVVYUptY25WV01CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/497440939388858368/73qSmbwD_400x400.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Pal
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVDFvVWVxRm1jbXBGZHpwRWJTUm1lNFZuWW5kRE8xWjBjeUlqUVZSa052eEVaNFpWTVRsSFN2aDBhM1JrYUp0MmNORm5NNnBuZXBGR2JLTm5kRVJUVktwMmJNUlZiNEpXWTN4R1VXZDNVQjVHYkhSSGFoWlhkS05VUXU5eWF5RmtheFprY3pwbVYxNW1ZNUlrYXdRbGFvWkRlNnRDVTJFa1lxTkhWckJsYXBOa2VSMWtOWDFtTjJwWE9hUjBjeFZuVzRBMWFPOWlidWRVU1dwVk8wNTBNUFZHYkNCWFFVSnpSMFJrY3RGalduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/sony-sab-logo-sab-tv-11563255194ov0us7me4e.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Sab
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVGpobmNZdENkV1ZIT3Y1bU5OdGtOM1UzUTBZSGM2TjBiNEEzUlVSMmF5TlVabHBtVDJjR1VRVkZWeXNrYXZFV2F1UkZSeVJtWm5Sek1PVkhVSTltVVU1RWVCTnpRVHRHVm9wM0tNeEVPTGhYT1RCblp3Tkdjb1ZUUXI4a05ubERkNmRHVDM0bU56aEdTVkZtYTVWekthdDJRdWR6VjM1a2FwbFdiWHBVUnlVMmNRMWtUVFJuZG5wRlRqUmxkbmgzTkRkbE5tdGlickpYZHNobGNxbERjbmxtVk45bVFNaFVSRTkwYTFoMGNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVHpBSGVQUlZZM2tEUnRSa2RrcDBadVYzUWlKa05yUnpiQlZEVENsVVl3UldNMzFHUnlrM1p0VjNReUZrY1FoRU1pSlVTdDFXWUtSbmNGVjNUVmgwUUtGVGM0b1hkM0kyVm9GM2RyWUZWREIzWXdObFp2RjFiNlpWU2hOak1xeDJWMWRETjV3bVZMSkZkNEVFZHg5VVpCRldjcDEyTWtGVE53TjNNUGxrUnBwR2NqRlZNR2RVV285eVZIRmxUbDlXUldWRFJvSkRhcmNHZElabFNuMVdRMUZIY3pFWFYwb21iTWRXZXJGalNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVFBaMWRHWmpSVWwzY3VkbmJSUldkQzlXZDM5RU4zSVVjd2gyYXdZRlR4SmtNU1oxU3Q5bWMzc1NWcmdEYjZsalNyTTFNMmx6WjFzeVJxeFdOSlpFVDNNR2FUZHpVcVpqTm4xbVlucDFLckFuYjVSRlNYSlZkUWhFTTZCelV6SmtWMFltZG5OM1FZOW1NR2QwYjRvM1JWRjJOc0pEVzJrWE9SSjNLc3htZTBkM2JpWkVhMWQzUXhkSGNqeFVSMlJuTlBGbFl3UURieHNtTVdobU52OUdidmxVZXh0V1d1SjBMR2wwWnpvVlVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVFFKemNZdGlTUUYwWnlsek5DbEhacnBuUVNOek1aSnphS3AzY01GVFp3MW1jbFJHU3ZBblNxVjNhemRqYTNOM1JobDBTbzEwUUJOMGF3ZzJMS1p6VlZ0Q2JGMVViNTVHTTF4VU5MMVVadncyY2FWSGF1WjJhVUpVUkVGalR3bEZSdVJrYUQ5bVQzc0VXcmNVZWtWa2U1UlhSMmwzVW9SMlVrMTJZQlp6U1FKVWQ1VjJTemtrVndGelpJaFViNGtuTkZGWFFxcEdkdk5IYkVwa2VxbHpUREZIT0xCM1lLbDBUSXAyZHVkRlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVDRVbWN3cEZiU2QzWjFkVVd4MUVNRmxHVEJGWGVvTldhdjkwTlZwVk40RjBRRXRXWVFobWVWaDJjNFYwYVJ0VWRCcG1Vdk5qUTFGMlRRaFhPcEZUWlVSRmNKbFhXeFpFWm5oMExTWjFjV2gzUUtkRlZ4cEdkejhXTTNRMVN6bFhhYWR6VFhWWGNDbGpiemQyWkxWRU81aFVXM3BXUXV4MFFFQjNLM0VXUXJFbWJTTm1TbEpHWnVobWFaQkhiRUpYY3Q1V1ZzTldldm9VVG1GVFR5UjBSRWxVUkdSWE15QkhUUXBVYkZwMFFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv HD
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVEIxRWFhRm1iMGxuTm9WblN6ZDFjVVozU1pkMExLTjJkUUJIZTVSek15Vm5aQ05tVXFWbmRFQlRPQkIxYTZwVVlNaGpTb0pHZVR4R1R6Z0diMXBtYzU0VWJNOWlSb2wwY3RGRE9QeDBkcXRHZHdRWGM2SlRkUnhtYTRZVGNzZG1NTlYwY0habll3RUdaMFkzYWloMFVtTmtTMmRXVndoak1yODJWNW9uWTJFSGVYUmphM2hXUzBSbllJaEdWMlEzTG5OVVcyY1diTmxVZUl4VWEyeGtVek5UZXowV1dNQjNaRVJGYXhvbFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv SD
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVHdvMWF3TTFWU2R6VXFGR2N2aDJSbnBuY0JGV1dvWmtjcFJWZDNzU1Z6bGxUT0JUY09obWJ0dEdNUVJEY2pSSGRhbGxiclpVUXRKRlJ6TVhUemdGYUdSbmFUQlRNVFIwVjNCMVIySlRZM1luUlFsVk41a1hldkUzVWp4RWQwQkZSaUpuYnZBM1RKcDJjVlpuY1ZKMlVCZFRhcnBXYXhjMU4yZzNONjkwYnNGWGFMaEhkM2RHT3VkM2I2RlROMnNXVmpsRlJpSlVkbEpEU3A5R1ZzcG1RcUJUTTJKbmEzZEZUd0ZtZWtsRU1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3e2xvtryj10p1.cloudfront.net/general_content/21_0_16_1_1521807420.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Yay
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVFZGbmF0WlVScFJXT3lOa1JOWmxNQ2gzTTFJMmR2WTNaNFYxVUdGalEwcFhUM0lIVHFGSE00RUdTaTFFYXVOWFpMZEZTNWxXYjZoaldqSlhWTGgyVTBrMWNsNTBReWhHVzBKblVOQm5kb2hIZDF3MFRVWmtkU1pWWnNkRGM0OUNibVpGTmE5V1VPRmtUNThFZHhSbFdRZFZXdDlVU2tkRFJ4ZG1jT2huYkkxa2RFWkhVd3RDVzZoV1FXRkVWUUozSzBzR1pGeG1lUHRFVEoxVVpxTnpRNHNFTTRsSGEwUjNiSmxWYzUwV2FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/40/Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg/220px-Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Bharat
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVEZ4RWFqTjNLQlZtZXhaemE2SldVaWhtTUZ0RVdDUkhkV1psU2FoRk00aFRZaGgxWnhkMlNWZFdka0ZWY205R2EwOHlZdGxsUTNNVmJ3cFhiTUYwTkVWR2NXOW1RcjFVVHRSMlVWVjNUSHBtYXNaelozVkRiU3BXUnNsWE41UkhiMVFEYjVwR1VxbFhTVUZrZDNNSFYzZ1hUcXRrVUloak5WbFdXUkZUVzFka2RhRm5iRVZuYndaRlVMbEhVc3BXUjFwMFF4SUZiMTEwUXNsa00xSlVSaEpUZERkR016Z25TV2xrYUZCbmRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.satiitv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/star-gold-2.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold 2
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVE5GMVp3UkVleEZsVHh0U1NCSkZVcEJIVnBoMVNXWmxicjFHVTRNVlF1NTBNeEJWWnhjWGM1b21hd2NUYm1selFRSlVWek5UVXZKa1Y0Vm5lenNHY3J0RWJ1cFZUVHhVYjJaa1NpTlhiMWRtYnoxbVIzQXphNVVuVDU4eVV2MW1Zd0lVV281MmN3UkRiMEFUZGFkMGNFOTBid056UzFKVGFyZEhORVpYTUk1RWQ1SkRidjQwYnVoVld5eDJac1JIT29aMWJqSnpjMFlIT0VsM1YzTm1NUTVXWTM4V1lXbFhZbkp6ZEJobmFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/S/star-gold-logo-D1A2937F35-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold HD
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVHlsSGNwOTBaM1FHYnZWRU9wSjJMQnAzVHloa1kxa21kSFpuUzA0MFp0QmxWcTlHVTUxbVptVjNTRHRTYUNWV2QzUWxZNTlDUms1R1J5UkhhMW9XY3hzMmRMMWtkUXBXTnVGblJKNWtiU2gzS05GRlo1TlRiSk56Y1BKM2R1ZGtaTVZqY0NoMmNyRXpkbVJUZHlnalNaQmxUbkJuWXNSekt6TTNUMkJ6U0psamMyb1ZUWUZrWXBOSGR3ZFdjTmwyUTQ5a2RqMW1leDFFZVhCVlZ3VmxleVJFVzB3bU5EcFZRQlpUYzRSVFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tatasky.com/s3-api/v1/assets/channels/star-gold-select.gif" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold Select
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVE1OMGNoNTJaU1ZIY3NWWGN2eFVVTlJIV0NaMWFLSlRlelltZW9GbFQyUnpNU0pHTnZnV2NzTmpTcFZqYkNGRGFJOW1UNE56VEdCSGV1RlhWckYzVkdOMGQzcEdTVGRGUnlaRVJpUmtUTXAyY3JOelVOWkZlWFJ6U3d4Mll3WmpNblJIYkV0V2V2NUVjVXRtY2haVVNQTmpUdmRsTnlWMmRqQlhXUGhqYzNaelp5b2xVRGRrUXVGbVMzVVRVTXhXTTVOblp5MTJiTkIzVjJna1J2ZDJMWGRIZG9kWE1oMVVkWVZ6ZEROVmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVG5OSGFweEdTM01uUXNkRVNTRkhSMEFYTUtwV1ZMSkVjcUZYY3BaV2R0ZFhORWRUT1dwV1FIVmtjeWRuYnFGelptZEZSdVJqYm1oa2RzaEdTNVozTnlKR2N5aG5hQlJtZHZkVVREOWtOd3RtVlNWVmJuaG1lNnBVZGlaSFY1bFVReHAzTUNoM2QySjBaRWxVZDBvRk1xTm1hdk4yUzNWa05NUlhTRlZYUUhWbmVrSm5acWwwTXVObllMdEdVd1kzVnpvVVEzbzNiVmxETkhSbGRuaGtOSGhrV2hwR1pJRm5TelFtYmpwM2RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.searchpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Star-Sports-Logo-PNG-Image-200x200.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports
http://?b0p6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVDVnV2JrcG1XRlpFU3ZsRVZLaGtUemdXYU5ObWNya0ZhbU5ETlNCbFE0UnpMcFJET05oR1ZzUmtSMEVYZWlsSFZ1ZGtjc0pUY2loV1dCOVdXNjVHYldsWGM1VTFheE5HUnhaMmFSTmxWdk0zWlZ0U1NwOVdlMDhTTUpSbVRwQnpLNVpVWU9CWFd2aDNTSngyZFFsRFRuUkRlMDFVYmpWRVRaSm5WSTVtUXFkVmJSVmplVzlHVTVKVWN2TjBOMTEyUTZkblRuMUdkS05sV3hJRmE1bDBkbjltVU5kWFR5Z0dXMWhGYnlkM0tuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVENoelpWSm5SNWgwUXZSblY1ZzBaaWRITzJJRmF5cFdjeEpqV2lGbFMzbFRVNmQxYms5V1RZNTJhMGtuYzRsMVozSnpZd2RUYklaV05PWjNiSEYyU3JNSGNqRjNRajlVWjE5RVo1bHphSXBYWTRobk5sUlVkdjh5YWk1V1QxUldUTTVtY0tGSE15UVZRSWxGZE5aRVZvcGtOdWhqWXhWWFIwWTNRMXNVYjM1V2NYZGtReVVGVjNKMFZMRkRVbGhIV2hOVmFzZGxjVEptVjU1MGR6VlRiT3RrUWh0R09JaERkWlpGYnpORmVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVFlOamRvdFdaNWtUVTBoVlZxTjNNWEpuYXdWVVZ2cDBiSHBFTnBsVVdyUkVNemRsUnZVWFlZWjBTQzFrYzM5Mk40RkRTcmhXZU1oMVpYVkhkMFUyTUxkemJvdFNPUk5sTXhaek5DaGpXdFZIZFlOSFU1aERhSVpuYVdGVE11NUdPMkVIVDBNSGVEaEhUQmxFZWl4a1YwaHpRd1JUUjExR2FGWm5jd0FWWm85RWNDbHpZUjltVjZSalcwUWtNVGQyUnhjMWJIZFhkRmxsYTA0a1Y0RkRPYWxuYjRSSE9zUlZRMlFuZFZWR1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVGtGbGV2WjNTaVp6WnBKR2VzTmpjWlJIVWxwMlZpTkZlNGwwWlpSbVQybGxNb05HYk45bVExTUhTSmhEYWlablE0VnpMNnRHTTM0MGQ2bG1aNGhIZDRRMVp0Wm5VVkZ6UTNwR1M1ZGxUWXhHUmFGVFpoTlZjaFYzVDNGVVM1RkhUYWxYU3doV1VtWlVTMTlTZTZGMFFHOW1kdFZqWnAxRVpCdFdUeUZuZWFkVmR4d1VXaFJrTW9CSGUxZEZiVGhtUllOMVlNUm1jbWxHYWtkVlQ2RnpSRDl5YVF0bVJFZERTeEVEZDFCVmRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHJsV2M1azJWU2xqYTJaRU1rbFZiMGhuU3hvRWF4SjFhUDFXUndWVU5wRkdieE0wWTVGM1ZMVkRUeUVIY3NwMEtPSkRUelpHTTVFV2FaWm5TWEZ6VVdwbWRtRkRTcVZFTTZSR1dyb2tVdVYzUzBJV1dacFdid2MzYjBWbVNxbGpkUGgxZGpwV1ZDTjNSVU5rY3hJbGRGZFVRblZWTXV4a1ZTaEhSdnRDU01OM2N5QTFMNk5sVHpCVFVPWkRTMWtHVHJ0MFpTaG5lU2REWnh0eVN0bERlSE5YVVZ0Mlo2UjJhSEJuYVp0eVluMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/11/T_Sports_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", T Sports
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVHFaVGN2OW1RdmxWUXBSM016WVhVbUYzZHdna1FWbFRlaE56Vk5GMGE2NTJkTGhFTUJaWFk2SnpMQmhUZHBkRFpwdFdjM0IzU0RsV05wSkhkdGwzTjRwRWVyaDNLMUlIZHhOa1JGNUdNaFZuTXRKMWNzOTJaaFZVWnFSSE0zbDJjMmRsZDRoMlVzaG1jcmxUYVhKbGNhRjJVemxYUmE1VWV1dFdlbmgzYTJsbGQ1VVZUaTVrZXdGMFZGWkdaVmhITTJRSFRsbFRkUVpWTnVKRU12OWtONU5XTjQ4bWF3bGxVVkJYZG94MFlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/57/6c/36/576c36c2b45e2bc52b2360fcd2fd2eb4.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Ten Sports
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVG1CemNVdENVa1ZrWm5oRVZ4bzFVV0JIVHlnVlRMcG5lc05rYUJOMmR2RlVZMU1GVGlsWE5JZDFLYUJqZENSRU8xb25SMlZGWjZSVE5yMTJNeEUzS1pCSGROVkdUaFYyVXFGMGFQQlhRRGRXVDFWVU41SjFaYVJGV0taelNvQkRSeHhrWmtwWGNxSkZaRVpIY2pSRk1DUldPeVIwTXpSbVl5TVhPa3hrU0NwRWJXRldTNGczVm9KRGJ6QWpUQ05IVklwMWNrQkhhVWREVnVsWFkwVlRPRmhFY0U1MlEwVlRaVFZHYkJwWGRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/Tennis_Channel_logo.svg/1200px-Tennis_Channel_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Tennis Channel
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbkJYUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVG10aWFzUmxhSnRTUnRWRk1vaERNNU5uWlNaelZpSkhkMHdXYTV4R1c1cG1iaUZuZDBoWGVORmpZNVJHZGhOVFJHOUdjdkZFVDBrV1p2NTJOdGxXYktKV2N3TUdNdmQwUjRsVmJ6RUVaUGhuUjFVbVN5b1VjMVZqY3JoVFF0VkZUVzlVYkw1bVl3WWtkNTkyY3NGWFpvbG1TcFpHTTBka2Q1dG1VRmxXV0Z4MmJ2c1NWTmhuTjZWRFRLTlZZNFJuYjRkbmF2aFdiNGRrYTZORE9zOTBZamRVT2w5bVlMaERVWkIxYTRRellSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0d/True_Sport_Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", True Sports 1 Premire
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVHpOR2VOTkhiM00wVHo1a05pOXlNTEJuWTBRME1aSkhhMzRFYXlSa2IweDBUc2REVTJsV2JsaDFiM3BYZElOelU1azNUcGhXZUl0MmRKUkhVVEIzVHlFM2RRbDNRT3RHVnlWRVcxYzJURDVXWm94VWRuSjNhdmhITmk1VVNuTlVNWlZtUTBOM0taaHpkMmdWZEdSRWRJRm1WNVJYVUgxVWFERjNTdjhtU0xwa2Qwa0ZhUWhGUzVaMmJqeEdSeE1uUzVCalJxRkZiM1ZtWXhSblp1NVVSU2gxZFdOM1lESmtkSEowYWxOWGVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824764_ico.png?ts=1613203903" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Action
http://?PVVuTTNrVE1YWjFheUpFT3JRa1Z2ZGtUNVJYWXQxV1kwd1dTS2hUY21oRU8zUWtOdXRTZDJBM1V4SVhNc1JEYnlsVWVrWjJieDh5THROMGNMbGpNMGQzVTExVWJrRlVkM1VWVnJRbk4yVkVUS1ZqTW41MlJqUmtWenAzYWpOVmNWSlZTckpGZU5GMk1DdG1XVEZrUTV3MmJUUm5SMElHY3pCbmJaUjFTNU1uWnd0R1dyQnpiemwxVXdKVWU0NVdOWWxGV0NwM0s1dzJjNk5XY29aa2RsdFNkckpsWnZSV2FtcEdUM1ZsYTBCM2RUdEVNWUJYUjVWbU5VQkRPS1ozVDVka1FycFZiM1pXYTFVbU55TlRWRlpVWTExbVQzUVhaaTUwY0Y1a2JEMVVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/441-4412906_utv-movies-tv-listings-utv-movies-tv-program.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Movies
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVDVJVGNyNVdUSVoxYzFCRFJsQmpSeGdYUzFvMks0OVdkTTlDVXhZR08xQnpad1VtVTRoblZDbEhSS3hHYzRzQ2JvTlRadk5UYnBGWE80eG1VMkF6THhoVWJ1QkhTb2hGVnRGR2QzMTJidWhtU3g4R05ZVjFkSmxVVFBsWFMwWkhiakZsY3JSWGFSNW1VMklIYkJGRlZEaFhSbmRqTjNjVVdWTkhURHBVUVBWMmRRRkRTTzFrYzExMlVEZFRWMWNtVllCamRVcFVjaVJETVBaVVcxOVVScEYxVTRvMmJ0NTJjejlXY2xOVWFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/hg/282974/png/282974.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Viasat Sport
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVFhObGV6Y25TMVJsVjNSV1c1dEdkamRHWlhaSFdrVjNiTlpEWjFZV1Z3UjJkMzUyUjA5V2V5OFdPdjlTY3I0R1QzZDNNNFZYWjYxMFlDZG5SemtuVHlNVWJHOW1VM2dUWXM5V2FVOUNkVkYzWkt4Mk5DVm1lV2xuUnNSalkwRkdhMTVVUXBWWGRwbERVd1IzWktwR05ZaFRWNGxuWnVKSGVwNUdXVXBtY3FwVmQzcFdVblZVTjJKbVJUVkdlcWQyS0d0U05qWnpiSDlDYTNVa2N4NTJhdk0zUjFGWGJMUlZONTFHY3pvVmUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/wlo_logo_200_200.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Willow Sports
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVDZaMWNJQm5kSXgyYXVOWFZYSldXMkIzS01SVVYxWjFjU3R5VDJFblN6TlhlNlpGT01SbmJMMVVOemszZDZOblR5c0dld2RYVDZSemN4a1djcmNsWVFsbWNLVkZlWDltUzBwMmQxZ0hkV2xtTVBaVE5CZEdjRkoxWnRsak5zQkRUclVqUVkxV05yWkZNaGQwYzJGWFVyaDFjdzVVUjJoVmU1QkhhanBWWk9aWGNPVm5VSVZYYTFKMExXaEdONWtIWnJnMVpZZFZiTmhtWm1Wek50NUVjaVowWjZablo1ZGplUzFrYjBGa1ZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", WoW CINEMA
http://?cnBtVTRwM1V3eDJjMWNWVDRVRWV1TmxlM2hEY3JoWFRUTlZPM1ozY29CVlNrMW1ldkYwVUZaVFp2ZDJRNDhVVFl4R2R4QjFOMUpsZDFSamIwbzFRb0prVWhKVVJCRkhNT3BIUlNKbWJyQlZUdlFIWnk1R09OdG1VNUEzS0RKMFV4ODJkNElXT0pwa01veDBOTFJXY1J0R1IzVkdiMDRFZGlkVVJ5bzNaNk5VT3hrVmVQNW1ibVpGYUlwV2VHQjNNRVJUU3BwSE1FbG1TTWRXTUtGemJhUmxlM2swVVBoM1RzVlZaVXhHZVJCM2N6eEVVNkZYYUVOa01UVm5aMVpITzMwRWIzNW1abFZrUzNaV2V2a25NWGRtTTNWVGR2ZEdleEVIU0UxMlQ0a25hUFZYZFJsbVk2SmxiUmgzY0lOWE5JTlZlSlJtZVJGbk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/wwe-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Sports Channel", WWE
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVDFaRWVJaG5iT1pFT3kxRVdrQmpXNVpuWUNWRE9NRm5jekVEV1VwbVdyWkdjTDVVZU50V1FYcEVhMDhFYXVabGIyUnpUM0ZEYzBaWFp3aDJhbHRXZVhOR2JZSlVRcjlHU3BsbGVoTlVjTVZYU3dVRFNxSmtiMlJFZHl3RWM1eG1aQ2RETjFOWGVpVkdiMlpGYUtaV2FMeG1WMlprVUZaa1MxcFdXUUpsWUJwMmR5cG1ibEJYT3pkVlZFSkdiM29XV3dzeVFCSjNiNWN6Y3pNMk4zSm1WNElXYktOWFRubDBTbVpIZExwMVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://zeelwebsite.s3.amazonaws.com/zeetele/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Action
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVEN0Mlo0a1VRNlpEVzU5bWNTcFhaVXBuYktsV093UVVlMEJqVVZoV1E2OUNhME5ITXhobU1CZEdXVFJUYWwxMFQ1VkdScmh6YVhKVmVzdFdUTXBGUlExa2FYWmxZNFZXYndKbVdFdHlieDBtWmtGbFZKQmxjd0ZsWXZZbVluWm1WQ2RWUXZzMkxFbDBiWXBtYlJkVk5pRm5kMEZFYnRKa2RGbFdldmtuU0QxVWQ1Z2piSWxFZXNSM04zTkZTSzltUmFKMEtRcGxjMGMyYzRNM0xvQkhaRTUyTnpkSGF3NDJSblJYZHdWelZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/919843853120577536/-zc_BK2V_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Anmol
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVDBRbGF3ZGxiMXAxUXNGblROUmpNMFFYYlpOSFRwUmxiTlZ6Y2F0a1d6dFdZbk5HZXdrblNTQkRWTWxuYkU5a2N5ZFZRbnRrYjVSVE90OVdZcGhEYTJGV2RQRlROUE5EVXpGMWJ6a21SSHRHYjVFM1lMWlZjTTkyTjBKMmI0MWtRVXAxTkZsblVUZGpXd0JqYlZObWFrTm5kMGRXZDVJamNDTjNha2RWVmpwM2E0SUZNd3BGYm50Mks2UjJWNXNtYjFnSGVZZFRkWXRVVVoxMGF5dEdlWVJ6WXBOSGNheDJhSFZtZXVkVlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824780_ico.png?ts=1613206048" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Bioskop
http://?PWttZHpoMWE0WWxja2RXUTJKSFZ1NWtUUmRGVnJoWE53NFdZSWhXYTNNblZEQjFWeFJITkNCM01pSjNNa2wxWkxGbGI0bFROeVZETzVsVE9JOTBOcVozUlJkVGRPUjBjd2xuUnBsbWUzaG1XRGR6TlJoMlVhSm1ZdlFuYXhnSE5yUmtiek5uTkNKVFV5QkhNMEVqZHAxMlpySVdSV2hVUzJoSFp4dGlkU3BYYnhFM1Z4aFZjT1pWTjZwR1R1bEZSWmxrTlhwMmN6dFNVRHhVZExwSE9POUVWeGxFTXlrblp2Y0dhU0pYTXdFVGRrTjFRcXBVUnZkM1NURjBLbFpuY2pKMmI1Z1RiaGQwYnhSMlY0cEZSMDVFVVVWM01JTjFZM1VXZTJRSFVxZEdS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824762_ico.png?ts=1613204084" group-title="Hindi Channel", ZEE BOLLYWOOD
http://?PXNHUjRsMUxzSnpjUWxIU0lKRmU0SjJOaWh6TWpKSGEzRlVhMlprYndCMU1MUlVRblZsUjY1bVJzVm5Ob0YwU0l4V2NVWkRSeHNVYW9aRFNvVkRlNDVXYTBzeU5UaGxlWlpHZUdCMVMzSmpld3dXY3JZWFkyRVVZR1IzWjJkM2J2Wm1SNU5rTllSR08ydEdPbnQyTVFSbGJhSlRUcmgyTjVGVlE1SXpkakZIYVNsRlpRUjBaRzVHYlhOamJyWkVPdk5rY2laWGJCTjFMNVZHYk1GVFJHSnpTNlJUT0xWemJtOW1Ob0pYY3N0Q2M0c1dTaXRDWnNobWRNRkZNRXRtV3ZOV2VZOXlaRnBtV0NsRGFyeG1SVHBVU3FCSE5McFhlV2hVZWhGMlZXbGtj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/930367214049484801/_UbwXy25_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVDRRWGRwZERiTlpuYTFGblZLWm5lNGtXYXlObFFqTlZlQlZXTlVwMGIwRldOd2NUT0tkV1dQcFhRQ1IwZDVRbFRtSlRPelZXUlR4Mksxa0hTVDVHTjFFVWM0Y0ZWelZqZXNOVlYxRjNjenBHZUtOemRNbHpjdlp6Y0hWRFR2eEVPUVJtUnZwbU1WQmxSamhGY2paMFozZG5NdzlpYXhJbVpWdEdPRFpGVm9ORmM0VjFTdmdVUW8xVVRhOVNlekJuUjVBRk9qTkhhR0JGVTR3RWM2VmpNc3htV0RoMlF3SjJLUVZrZHJSVVIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVHNSbmVESlRNcWxFYnE5V2QzaFRSdXBuZUtKMFozVVZjTHBFUkJaamRwWjBOdWhFVkRKM1ZHSlZkMGtXZGxGRGJVUkhScnhFUkxkRFVhVlhZT0J6ZHlnRWVYcG1jM1pHVXA5aVJ2Y0RWa3gyVjFsMktsMW1hR3hVT0JWMlF2MWtkNUVHVXhvMk1CUjJOdnN5ZDI0RWUyUUdTMXhXUjNJMFVTZFhZdWhIU1FKVWVWTm5XSXBrTnpoalVaZFRiSHAyYk10R1p3b0VlSUJuUVZ0a1J1aFVRbGwwYzNjSGRRcFZWa0oxY0JsM0xSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema HD
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVENWMVp0OVVPd2RWUXR0a1VyZzJidEJuV1YxRWJyRTJid1ozTDNRVWV1RjJZekIxWWpaM0xDMUVXMU4wYjFjMEt5c0NleE4xVU5Oa1VYbG1WTWgyUUVWMlpaZDNOdndXYW5oVFJWVkdPMDgyU1pSSFp4VTNjWTltYzZSekt6dG1VT2htVzN4V1lvaGtkYXRDZHdGR1JZbG1jd0ZVVEx0U1V6SlhjblJFVUNGV2JXRkhNSmQzU3NGbVV5VVRNWngyUU10Q1NybFdla0pEZTZsRWQxaFVldXBtVG0xR1ZuRlhPcWhUZTFSSGIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.smartads.in/resources/assets/uploads/product_group/Television/Zee_Classic_India.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Classic
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVEdkbGNoUkVOYXhXV3RselFPVldPUlZYVUl0Q2QySkZicVZuZHo1RU52VnpNT3RXVnljV1lHSjFTb1pYZEJWblozVTJRdGRWVHpRRE1uMVdhVVpsZHdsa2QxZFdjTk5YVG5obGJJbFhaNUYzTlhWMVNRQjNhNTFtY3ZWSGN4UjNSNHBWUkNSWE9ya0VkSlIyYVpWV2M0Y0hkMlpsWWtsblVCZFhieHRrVjFSbWEwa2xlVUpXYzFwWGJSUlRUeDBHY1dGSGRqbHphWEoxUlgxa2U1VlhZbEJGYlVwV05WRkZWS04wYnZVa05uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://godish.com/wp-content/uploads/channel-logos/zeesm.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Smile
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFY1TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVDBwMmNobDNRMzVXYzRKV2V6c0NSTlZYV3djbFNqcFdkRVZUVm1CMWJxTnpUb0pUWmtWblIyZ0RaSVJtZVRWMGRZaGxRc1ZYV2pwSGN6SlhWUUJWVjNVVWRtVnpVcmhWTjNoWGQyOVVleWtYTXZnbVFNUm5kRWhEUzBnVE81aEZkd2cwY09sMmN3MDJLdmtsYk9aMlQxWTJUdlZHU3hjMmFCVm5WbmxuVTFVbWRsRlVjRDVXY29ORU8xVW5Od2xIUjRrMGRYVmtkcjlHZHdBWFIxdFVaeFpGZVhobldpQmpNcWRIY09SR2FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVElsRmFDbEdSeVZqTXpGbk01eG1UczFHU3lsRFdPTm5lbGgyYkNSek5wbG5TNDRrUjRWblc0c2tOckUxY1hwbVk1a0RSck5WYkh0aVFyUTNjV0pXY0JGSGFLOXlVQmgxYjFwR1pxZDNid1lYYjBJM1EwVnpiT0JuUlY5R2RwRm1SVUZGZFVWWGVwVkROeUJUYmFsblN2WUZSeUZHVE9GV2Q2MVdZQnBHYjRZbGJXRlRRREYzU3FoVU0wZ1dRM2hHVnJwMk4yVjNhMFYzTVV0aVJ6VlVkRkp6ZHNWM0xLZGtkUGQwY1ZKa1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv HD
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVGlObGN4WkVTQ3BGWjRaMVp4VmtUTGhYYzBnVGFwdG1jSFZUWWl4VWVwZFdaMUZYVHZaM0x3bEVWNGhEYzVvMU54UjJWcWQzUnVGSFZEcDNhUU5EYXJRamRsdFNSVGgxVHFOVE9LZERjNGdIYzFjWGRFMUdjbU5YWnJOR000QjNaT2RHWkxwM2R5QjFkbEZsZDFaWE5xWjBLMEZWWXJOMFpobG5WVFJVYUtoM2JRbFdTemxIYzRobU4xSmpUb1JYY1hKV01NaEVheWQzU0tSMlEzMTBZaFZtU3l0bWVTSkhldjBrZUpKbmVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="shorturl.at/rIJU9" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zing
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVHlRbmJyUVhjcmREY3p0aVR6dHlVdmtYU3Fwa1IzSUZhMmgzVHBOVVRuTkdWTUpWVUdoM1V5SmpUUEJ6ZHZSa05MbFVjMlZXV2k5V01pbG5Xa1Z6THhrbmRxcG5iMEFIYzN4MlJ6TmpZSWxHV3pGa1EwRkdlbU56VEx4MFl2bFVVVjVrZFhaM0ttaHpkMkZuZHZvbFFFZEdkd3AyVG9aMWI1eFdaR2huZHlKV2MwRW5kcDVrWnZoVk9zQlZlME1ITlZsamJ4Tm5jTUIzSzNWVmFucG5TWGwyS1BkMlIzWVhTdVJ6Y0pwWE0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zoom
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHdaMWNyZFZhd0VFV3ZObFRqRmpWVngyWnZvbVR5cEZjTkZETVdkMFV2SmpaSUJGVXhOWE8xNGtXWWxIY1RKV1JMUjBZNU4wU2xKWFlrdG1aVEIzY1pKRWJPUmtST0JEUzNwSGV3Z2xiMWgyWjVBWFc0TXphcjlFY0JKelpuUjNWWnRpZE5OWGJISm1kM3R5YzFvbU1rSldVMXRFZXJsa2VIcFdhT1oxWXhaRGVtTlhWdXRrYXRKRmRHdDBhS1JuUndwRVdWRkRieUVrVEJOalUzdFdSMlpVYXlKSGNKeDBMSUYyWll4V1ozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.terrorism-info.org.il/data/articles/Art_18131/hamas_099_3.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Aqsa TV
http://?clJVU3JZSGIzRVhZMFFtWU5kbGR5VlVRa2x6THRaRU94TmxlUEpuWW9kMGIwTkdhcmNsZEZWbWQyUlRNeGtWVTVBSE1XQnpNMmRVY3JJbFlDaFRkdXRXUjNJM01xZFdaREJsUU5GSGFRSm5iSmRsYzFKMlJHZDNVQ2RHYUNWSGNrQjFkNTUyVnpValNzMVdRUkpHY2F0MmNOTjJLVFpYYXc5MllvWjNWdmwxVFMxMEtqcDJUejlpTlpaRGRETjBZd0JEYTJsRU9vVmxUeFluUzBnalpYcDFhVmxIYUxsbGNucFdTSVZVVUlSWGV3b0dWQ0YzYUlGSFZMSjFLclYzVHRCVlVDcG1UbXhXVER4VWNvTkhheUpVUjBoa2NzSlZNV3RHWlhWRVRDaEZlcE5sZFpWbFNzTlVkVmxuTTZwM1U2RkVNbDlDZXNSamNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.iptvmate.net/5e933b41b3bdf92f6965c700.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Istiqama TV
http://?dmRYUlhsVFQxVkhWYU5uZExKRGF0Um5OcWRrZTNwRVpyUUZUYVozUWlKMGIwUm5iRjlTYm1SVk13aERUemhtVnIwbVZ6cFVRUkpsZUJSR2FPRldZeE5sYm5obk0xa1dSUkZUYUI1bWJ2SUZjMklVYzVKbE5uUmtXRmwzTWxGRmRNVjBkb0ozTFZKRmV0OWlNNHNDUjNoR1NKaDJieU1rYjNZM1JNTjNUNE4zWmtSV095QW5iUGgyUjB4V2M1dG1TRDUyTXpkMVI0RlZiNGNuYUdoRE9OTmphV2RFZDZOelI0VlZiTmxsVmpoR1dUUmxadUZtZFJoSGNCSm5VcVYzWVBSR2VEZG1XR0pFYkg1RWR6UlZNVUpHZXVGak5YUlViemdIVzQ5R2NvQlZhMkZYV2o5VWMyNVdVbmQzTDIxR05xbGpOM0VVYVh4a1lCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-wesal-tv.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Wesal TV
http://?cE5EVnJsamFRRkhXSE5XVU01MFpKRmtTRU5uUXVSRGM0bDNOaUJIT3ZWa1NrSkRjaGhrU3ZBVFFzcFdlMTAwUnVoR2VGRjBTd29XYnhCSFYwSWtheWRXZE5kM2FzMVdRcncyTTNnbGN3SUhjMmRHTXNwbGJCVlRZRnRXU3VGRE9hUlRjM1ZXT0tSMFI0UjNMVWxqU3VkM1RrTmpNTkpEY0lSVFk1WVRkNlpUYUQ1VWVhaG1jWHAzZHhZM2JJaHpaMFFqTm9WMEtHWm5jQ2wzVTFnMFQ1TTBhNVVEYm9wWFN3QjFONk5IVEhkV1E0cDFObEpEYXBoSGFtWjJhM3BWWVBkbk1ocFhURXRXZU9oMFpKaDNRdkJUYnpaMVMyazJNalozUmhSV01rdDBac0pXTnBKRFR3RmtheTBtTkdsWFNtcDBjcUZYZTVKM1YzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/20/1-2002112204140-L.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bahrain Quran TV
http://?NFZGYlJKR1cyZG5ReUpYVFloMWMxUVZlNkZET3lkV04ySkZNWWgyVUhOM1lZcGthMHdFU2w5bVl5ZFdNM3AxYXJWbk5YRjBjNWtGYzBNMVREcEdiMlZWTnVaVFQ2VkhXc1pVVnpCelpobGpOMVkyUjJkRE5qaFhXbWhIV0U5RU40VkRld1lHZTNaalN4bDNVS1JEVzM0R2EwZ1VUbDltYlFGVFJNVkVOemhWTXdVVlV0aG1ielZUUllOVWJhRlVVemRqYnRwM1ZzVjNkUXBtU1FaVmE0SkZlM1VXZXZoa1IydDJTU0IzWlNCM1ZDQmxNMklrZE05bWRHNW1UeUZWTnI4a1l1VlhPalpUUXhzMGJycG5jYVJYTXpSRlJpaEViTnBXTTI4RWVvQjNkcnNXT2hoalNubFVSa1JIY3RKM1U2Rm1SdnBIY3FOblJDaG5UblZrUWtSV1paRkhPMlFVT3JFbGVFdFNlcDltUjJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j7a8hcd.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bible Explorations
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.vimeocdn.com/portrait/5136072_640x640" group-title="Religious Channel", Hadi TV 1
http://?dkZUYTRobFFWWlhOQ0ZtWTRZVGRMaDJWVzlpZHRkMGI0RTBUSGxuY29GMGNLWmplUXRrYXNabGR5VmtTMGdYVUNWSE9hWm1SUlZ6YXRaMVN0UlVNcloxTDVsR1JPbFdTVkJuZHZGMWQ1UVdaMVVuUjROV1RDWjJOV2hHYjFObVR4cEhhSTVtUnhaVWN3QjFMRU5GVmhkblpabFhWSXhFZHZrR08xSldNcXBsYVFaa1RWQjNTU2RHVXpGMWRIeGtlS1pGUzNkMmJRQnpaUjlHVENWRlZvaFZkb1JXTzVwR1YwbEZhUWRIVzNNWFZNaDBOdVJVYVlsV2R0cDBkeTVrV3BWVFp4Z0daNGdsYlZ0MGFvZGxSMHBWYTMxMlZTbGphVzlXT1JSRGV0VkZlVWRrZHZWVmMwVjNheHN5Y294MlNWOUVVbWRHZDNJMVRGcDNaM1pFY2lOMll1aFdWYXBYVnJJbGJIWkdaMGxYV3BoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iipccanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/iipc_origin.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", IIPC TV
http://?PWNXTXNaWFVWVlViNDlTYjVGR1J1bDNjSXRTUnlBbmJvUmtWaFpIZTNzQ2MwOTJjdFJYUjQ5U041Tm5aUTEwTVdSbWNINWthcFowTDVSVWV5bFdWbWQyTXJZWGJMbEhkdmQyU1c5MFF2QlRjMGtWYlk5bVphWkVWdkUyZDFJamMwTVZXeGhFTzRwVU5UTlhkWUp6UXJOemF4dEdWdkVIU3NGMFVtcDJiVHRXUXk1MGRGTjBjVVJYUk1aRU92QkROaVIyWnhGWE1UMW1ldkJIZFQ1VWVDcFZUcGgxVUU1Mlk1MVdUclYzWnhNbmV3RTFSclozUnRoRFdEeFViSkJIV1VaMUswRVZlRk5uU29ObFoyVmxiMkprVzVGM1pPbDNTSFpIZXBabWRyOENVM0JEZVFWMlpCZFdNM01rUTBFSGQyTWpleWtYTTZkRGRaUlZiUGRHTnpjV2NubEdkMUFIT3hoVGJ2cFhNcTEwVHZwV013Vm1ZMW9FYXFwRlprWlRaeEZEVG5GVWJqcG1jbkZGYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqra Bangla TV
http://?PWNuV3ZWMUsyOGtkMGcyWXlkVFE1QkRUTmhVT2laWE1IQlhVckJWZWFOblFMUjNOemxXT2t0R2JzcEhTcEowWTJVVWV1ZFVjUjlTZDBSelFTQlRUTXBtZDJkektwZG5jQ2xIYXhvRmNxaEhXTVJXVUpkSE0zVmpXdVptY0VsMVZKTjBSMU5FZUNSR2I0ZDNTMnhVTnJVVmJ0ZGtSRlJUUXFORVpyTkZXekkzTXJBRlNMbDFhMWxHVm14RWJ6WlhSUzltZFJ0V1p2VTFWd01XY3g5RVd1OTJRcTltWTNJRGR4TVhXaUJWU2tSbWR6YzBRanRTYnd4a05JbERWTGwyUnZRSFR6ZEhkU3RpVXZkMWR2NW1OeWttVkJoSFcwRVRTNGMwWlo1a1Iwb1ZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?dU5HTzBCM1VSTjNVbWhEYXlwRmVtaFVjR3RHWnFablFNWm1NRnRtUnBsbmNFSldiWFpHVE1oVlMzbHpZNnRTWVBoV1VSdHlTMWxHZWpOVlR5SWxZdEYxYXJwV2MwbG5WbFZtWkJkMFpwRlRjU0pIYXlSalZFRjFZMlIzY2loMExEWmtiUkpqYllGbFp3VlhTdnhHTzRvSFZ2RkhjT0owYm45bVZRUjBhb1ZHV3hSVFRGNW1VRXRVYlNKV2J3dFNUdGhYWXZoVWFQRjFiM0VYTjRGME1TNTBhb0YzZDRKMmFySmxlNGRHV3BaM0xNSkdaa0ZqYWhoVWJyUTNicWhqUTJCVFN6QUhiak5HUzBzaWUyOENjRmQyYTVGalc0VjFOSGhHYUZkblRUeDBkMXBXTU1sMVoxaGxRaHBtVlpsV2VsdDBiQ0pGZFBKVFRPNTJVbk5VWktkMFFoRm5jNXhXWXlGRWR2TUZOdkZXTzBkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Makkah TV
http://?cUowTHUxVVVRZG1XQmhEYjRWR2RXUkZlRUZIVDR4R2J5RVVTdmdYWnB4MlRQQjFkNE1tUUI1R1N4QlRNendHVXloSGJqVkVUNThTYUQ5VWJ4cG1TM1pqWU1wbVpJZFhRdWxVT3A1bWRWcFhWMUUzVjZkbVpFRmpZbmRHVEhGVGRybGxleW8wTFRsalZ5VkRPMnBtYWpoR1p5Y0ZkaTlTYmtKbE41Vm5WcUptVkpWaldQRlhiM1ZWYlV0MmJ6Y1dVR05VUnVsbFVNeEVad2dIYUxKbWF3Y0RkcTFrYWtKbFFxWldUUVZtZHBOblEyUVZTMmtrZEpoemQ0Vm1ScDFVZWlWa1V6TTNTSVJtUnNGRWRzOVdld1YzYXV4MlNXcEZUd2szS0Naa1l2cEVlb2xHY1Yxa1Z4WkdhMGhUYXgxR08ycFhZclZVZEoxa00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 English
http://?M3AxTHZFMVJvSjNkWnRXT2hoRmJaaGxhNVkxZHNoVllhUlRRR1ZYUnhGV1NOTjJkTHhFVEhWVU1ydFNicVJqTnVwR1JWNVVZRjVrY0xaWFlZUnpUMkpHVExkMktKbEdTb1JFVGFsa2VtTmpZaFJEYnk5MlZIZFVTTFJYV1JORlNUVlViemhETlNWemQ2TmxVdWxYYUVwV1lRWm1acjBVZDNZMmRUQkhTMXRpWUJCVmJ4d0diSkZFYlVCVmFzOW1ScE4xTnlWR1owSjJWMDVHVUxobGN6QkhialZITU5sVmI1TjJZeG9uVDFCblpvWnpaaFIzYTBvSGNrUjBad3QwTk9wbFp5aEhXTmRHT0s5Q2F3NG1Rd3MwTnhWWFZGWkZXd1kzWkJGRU1SWkZkdll6S1RsWGMxSnpRdEJUUXU1R1R5UlZkc1JuZTBnbllsRkdXM2hqVFFaM2M0RUhWekpIT0NaR2R1QjNOenNDVm5OWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b3nn216.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 Urdu
http://?NXAxTHZFMVJvcDJkWnRXT2hobGVaaGxhNVkxZHZoVllhUlRRR05YUnhGV1NOTldjTHhFVEhWVU1vdFNicVJqTnV0V1FQaFZZc05FZXdJWGQ1aHphdE5XYnpFR1pOQm5RMUFIU2kxR2FKcGxNR2RGT3lWR1I2QkZSU3htV0p4bWN3YzFjMFVrTXJSMlV3SkVVWEZFVldaSFJESlVXWlJtYWx4MFRxRjBWcGgwVXg1MktIaFdTeVpIWnNkMGJWSlVjMkkyYW4xRVNGZGxjd3BXY1ZoM1RXTmtkeE1HTXh3bVVycEZWWkJ6SzNkR1ZHbDBTaU4zWlNsRFoxb1VZNWhrUWxsVmM1Y1dUbFZHTk9oR2RaQm5XV2h6WW5WbFpVcG5SRlpuU3ZNRGM0b0hjMGRrVmhOM1N6aDFReGhGTURoblZXdDJSeUltZHpZRE1oaDNjMGxWVTJSbmJ3aFdiMlZuUTFvbWF5ZzFVSVpYTXRSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-mta-international-3683.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA World
http://?dnAxTHZFMVJvcDJkWnRXT2hoMWNaaGxhNVkxZDNoVllhUlRRR2hYUnhGV1NOTldhTHhFVEhWVU1vdFNicVJqTnVablExMW1lREYyYUtGVVNFVm5VeFJGYnN4bVdZcG5ZblJIZDRsM2J2TnpSM0UyTXFWbmVxRnpLeFIzZEo1RWRFQkRjV3BGTXc5RWUzMTBSMlVtWUJaM1FNNVdPd0UwYUZsMFkyUjBOemhuVFdsRVN3UjNVNThFUlhsVmNQaERjckYwWXloMFV0QjNOSWxuYVZSRVIwaG5jMkpuUUx4a1VxOW1UUUZtZG45R1d6WUdaSzl5YzFSMVZGdFdTbnRtZXJaMGFyVlhjdGRsWnJnVWV5NW1SeUpGYXBGak1oaGxNR2QyVEpsbVpoOTJhQ2RuZFJSa1kzdFdTQjkyU1ZsMmFUNUVVcWhqYUI1MlYxZHpRNmgyYnhjblFYVm5aenhtVW5aV2RvOW1hT2xYYjFsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.thenoor.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Noor-tv-heder-logo-copy-1.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Noor TV UK
http://?PWdIVEVOWFJ5UTBiaFJtV1RwR2R4VmtRQjlFYk5GM1RSZEhkbUpVYUt0bVZCUm1keXhVYXZNMlNZUlhVR2x6YlNSbWV1aGpSMUVFZXFoMlRyQlRSdlpYZVQxRWUyOTJjUVJuYjBZelpucGtOSWQxVjJsR041UlVNMWhGYUhsMUxZcGtRdWhIVWFkbFMwNFdXM2dGVFBaWGVCbFZZeThDYXVObVp3WkhjMGgyY0o1MlZ5WW1hUUZIYXhsRmR0bFZjM0pHYUpkSE1aZEVONUpIZHdnamQxOG1adFZVT045V00xcFhPVkpYY3ZObmQzSTFWdUZ6UnFGWFJMQnpUVWRXVzBzbWFSaHpjdklYUmlSbFQyUkdSUEJUWjRsMlpJMTJNTVJuY25kMGNVUkdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.peacetv.tv/templates/images/english-logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV
http://?PTBXWTFNMVZVOXliamhrUnZaVlRyRmtheGhUVng4MlFKbEZURVp6YkRoSFVuTjFVcjlpTXhzMk1ucFdhTnBXT0dGemNZdFdadjBrYzJWbE5zaGxSUXQyU2FwR1IxZEZibHBtWjRwa1Q1eDBieElGVG1CWE5OVlRja3hXY1E1MlZhSlZZelJrZFFOWFdSdEdSVmgyWjJSR2NEbG1ZMW8wS25oelRocGxVRkpIUmFaVmNZUjFhb2wxU1hObU5xcDJZemRXV3JJWFR1UlhPWDFtZUQ5a05QWmpZNHBHT0dCallOZDNORkZHVnlOMlo2TldVWnRrYnVGMFpaVlVZbWhYU3AxbVJFaG5kVnRrTTNWVGN2UjJjdXhtYm5obVVFcGxjQkZHYlBWWFp5b1ZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?PThHTVdabGF2ZzBiWWhuTlBGV2R1aHpLeWxYYUhsV2FvdG1iTFJqZEpselNxWjNUcDlDTkpsWFV4bFdhb2xUVDNZbmRZWkdkTzlDVHlGM0syTWpUSnAzU0ZaMFN2a1VkaGQxYVJkMloxTlhjaFowTkdwblRpOUVXeWQwY0RObll4SjFZNmxWZFYxR05zcDNMSmgxVXZCWGNYaHpZQkYzY3N4MGF4TlVRRlZuVzNNblV1Tm5hMkVGWnM5aWF1RjNZNHMyYTVVSE1VSm1iSkJqZDBVbVNSTkdkczlXVnkwVVJReG1lYWxGYjQ5U2NDTm1kWGQxTjJkRWV5SWtXaWhXVVpGV000VkRhVDVHVjJNMFMyRjJiMFFXYVk1bVpFWm1hdlZXYlhoRmJzUmtWbmwzYWt4R2RWVkhkd2RGVzVFbGJzaGtXME1IYnJCRk5QbFhPMW8yU3A5bWJ3VTNkcm9HT2xCWFFvSlhWRUpWWTJWWFkxODBSWUpqYU5GV1FyZHpTNWxXWk9abWRHNW1TeWQwSw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Urdu
http://?dEpEVDI0V2REZDJkeGhXZDFSbmVySVVkcmd6S3NaVE1MUlhRVEJYV1FoWFQwY1djWUZsZENORWMxVkhaeVlVY1o1V2FyWVRZVUpsYWhka1QxcEdNcWRsVHlwMVEzVm5ZNFJEYTRnMGJrcDJiQkprWTRwSFdxZERVdkUzYjRRVlR5OFdlcmtsYjNaVWI0bGxSdkJqTlVsblZQRnphTjFXY1Y5bU1pbDFTcUpXZGpCWGJzRjNTNk56ZGx0U2FuOWtZTjlDYjUxR2J6eFVka3BuVUh0MGJacG5lczlFUlpaVWEzWmpVdmwyTjJvV09vWnpRMEYwYTY5Q1NyOUdUckZYYnpobVl3NUdlelVUWjBBemN0Vm1Na1JGY3lkelVXbERkNmQyS2hsSGJ2SXpkYWQxVDJkbVFyZEdOanBtZHZjMlJqSjNVRGRHZVJObVlHTlhTMmxFTzRVRGJPbEhaUFZYTjNBWGVKbGpjTFJqYjNkWFdTaDBjekIzTmFOMlNwQkhhQzlDU3lsSFJ4dFdRU0oyYllWbk1YcEZSUzVXY1VsSFdsNW1OcFpHWkpSSGJ2aG1aUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U1XFyOx.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Quran
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6uT41kj.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Sunnah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Shubhsandesh
http://?MXBWYXVCRGRRWm5jTkJWTjI0bWJwUkVWMUZEYzZwbk5ITjJVMkkzYkZaM1VoTmtkeWhVWU1wRldyZEhVWWhqZHlJbldHMVdPNU5tYklkMWI1cG5icDlTYXpsRlJsOW1ieTFXZDFjbmFodENUQmxVY3hGellPOVVORXBIVTZSMVZFRnpjeGcwYUJCRlJ3aHpRd2tVT1p4Mk12b1hjMkJ6WjFWM1M0Y3pZdEZVZHZRMGRtVlhacjUwZFdSSGJ5WmxVWUJGVG5oelJKTlVSdzQyTG1sblZuaDBkcjVXTXZSVFp1VmtlUEZFUkZaWFEyWUVkWEpYZEYxV1l3VlVNcWR6U3hoVFd3UjNWNVVWVFdkV2VIeEdNVDlTYnRCbllybGtiMmNXVjFzR1J4cDBaMDFXYjNralNuOUVOMkYxWnpzbVZ1ZFhkdkZsZFVGRlZySW1ZeVZHUjRnRU16cDJOMUJYVVFwMWFhSm1id1FXTnloVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Swamiji TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z2Io8n4.png" group-title="Religious Channel", The Islamic Network
http://?eWhFZEp0eWF6WjNicGgwTGx0Q2VuUkZPd3RTYTRSVmJNZG1lVkJIZFVGMFVYZFdjbGxUWk01MGJ3WkVOc1pYYzRvM0twNVVkMVlWZHlJRVdYMUVkdk5WVHU1a2MzdFdheWMwYjUxVWUyZ25VQk5GYjNWVFo1RTFLNWNuUXJOWGVsSmpidVZuWkxGMlJvWm1WVWxIV0g5R1JUSmtTNVUzYmlKMFQxNTBaeDkwS01aM2MwdDJRelFITjBnbmNZSlRhSkZEUjN0MlR3VkdaUFJYTjVwVmIwbEdlUEZtYlZWVmMwMUVXMWdYYjY5V2VhcGxVbUJGYU05VWU0VmpXM1ZtYzNNbFF4QjNOdlJYYldsSGJ0WmthVmhYYTJkMGI2SjFNc1JuZXRWSE9uUmtkbFJrUUtKMEszRkhUR1ZFZW9obWE1bDFMMUFsZE1WelIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/Asian_Food_Network.svg/220px-Asian_Food_Network.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AFN
http://?dU5UZHlFbmVPcDNOUlJuV29abWNNdEdhc3BFVm5GV01LSjJOTDFXYml4MlZSaGtiM1JrY0N4V1I0ZDNLNUVIV0NWWGUxMVdVT0ZqY3ZrMVp2ZFVXNEYxZFN4a2FqcG5WRGhHTTNSamJwTmxkc0IxTm5Cbk56TWpjdWxIY0hSMVR2UVhiUkZuYTBFbGQ0TlhicHgwUVo1MlFGdDJUeE5HYkxKRWJMdFVheUJGYXlGSE8ya1hZak5UUzU1MlpuaDFMeFJVZW85V1V6SjBMRzFHUnJJWFUzRjJidlVuVHN0a2F6UmpVd0pWVDB4MlIxSW1SblpuYTJjRFdNMTJRc1pGYXRKbmJYaFhWakZXWVBsVmR6WVhOVWxIYTJ4VVQ2cDBTazkyWnZKM01SWldicWRsVVdsVU5uMVdUcGwyTGhoMlNEaFRScDVXZVVWelJ3NUdOemhXV2hwRWMzMDJjNk5HVnVWa2N1SlRSTWhqVnMxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NOXoPAO3L._AC_UL600_SR600,600_.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AKC TV
http://?M2xuUngxVWVOcFdNcUZXYTJnRGQ1dFVTWTlFVzJsblFFTmpXbXBtUVI1V1dDdHljTk5UTzFSV1UySkdibUprUzF0R1JVZGtONGtEY3pWbWIzNVVldXAwZEZsMGJhZEhNb1ZWUlBCRGJyQnpMdDlXT3J0MGMwTlZWb0JIVjJKbVJ6QkZhanBVZVhoMU1wZG1SbzVtU3R4R1RyZ1Zhd2RrY3laemNvOW1XMlpXVzFWMVZsZEdWV0IzWnhka2JaTkRiR05XTnVWR2JUSkdhblIzYUtGRlYya1djamRuWVZSSFQzOUVNMWhqWnJoR2QyQlhNYUpEY2tWVlptTldacVpFYlBKVmNNdDJadUIzUjJZbmJDUmxReHRrU3NWRVY0SXpWeUFuTW1CbFIwRWtlV2QyUW9oM051TkVhMmxqTjVKblR1UkVUSUYxYWk5ME1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Animal_Planet_channel_logo_green.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Animal Planet
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVDRkVGJ4Qmxicm8zTHhSV05tQkZhMEpYUzJBRk54SmxhTVZ6Y3JNbWN5NVdTMkptV3hVbmRxRmtZS1JsZXR0aVE1TVVNM1JFYUhwbVR4WUhWdklGU2tGRGIxSVhWWkprUTVOVVRrVkZUcHBtTnpoa2JpdFdkekVtZUZkVVpuQkZVemcxTlpCSE9qWm1hM1IyWk5OalJQOTJVcWRVYXpnVVVRdEdNbDkwS2lSMGRIbEhUbEZsUXJaMVU0WUVXNmxITjFOVldubFVkM3NXZFJ0MlpzbFVZUTkyYVNoblJTaEVPNUJGYkZWVFlSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/44/BBC_Earth_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Earth
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVFQ5VWFuUm5VaHhXWnpkRWJ5SnphUDVtWlVsalEwaERkME1rYTNRbFF4eEdjQlJYTzFOWGE1Y25Va3RTZXlrbVRIcFhUNWhFZWt0eWNORjNMMmRsUUVCRGUwRWxjekVqWXFGa1ZTZGtlSHBtVFJsMUs1b0dja1ozYkVWa1I1TjFRcDlFYU10MlNheG1aSkZ6WjBvR2F2dFVhMjFrUndjbmRGVlhNNEkyTXROVmIyTm1Za1ZrU29GblE0VUhNWFZIZEpWamFTWm5lTWxGVDZ0eVF5SkdVUHR5VENkbVFEQkhhejAwYVJkelZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.fptplay.net/static/img/share/channels/icon_channel_bbc-lifestyle_148379742953.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?dU5UZHlFbmVPRjNOUlJuV29aMmJNdEdhc3BFVjNGV01LSldXeUZITTFZMFozcFZjTWxYY3p3R1owTlRhYVJXYnBOblMxY1RiTkpEYTFSMFlCQkRVdjVXZFdaVWVIZFdNdEJUV3ZaR2E2UjJScnhrUTJGa2R1RjJMMUpYUXBOa1pTVm1jR04xTXMxMFNyWm1NUTlVV0NobloxTVhicXRrYTJaa1NZTlZTdDEwYzJKM1FHNW1WNDQyVHJKM2JWOW1jdWxVVm5sM05PVmtZeVIzZDVzVU9VcGxkREZUTXNaMVZ2SlZWQ3hXUmxaM1o0QWxiQ04zWjJRMmEyUVROd2huY29WRlcwcDNiV1ZEY0lobWMxSW5OcFJ6SzVKV012UlhPYXgyZEh0U00yZFhjNE0yWXRsbmM1aFVPT1JFTlJoR2IxRm1ONEpqZU45VVk0Z0hNNEZGY3JJa1lEcFdaWXRtYjA5RWRYNUVSM0FsWXJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/CGTN_Documentary_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", CGTN Documentary
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVEZwbGM1WmxhNVpVTXpWblVzUkRUdmRHY0M1VU1pbGtjb2RrWnBWVlcxVmtkd0oxY3JBSGM1RTBNdFowYWlSa1NTTmtRMkpsVHJNM1owRUhUbnAwSzBRVGFPOTBLd2NIYzVsVVloUkdWc2RHY0VGblN5SW1jNmRrYjM4V2F6ZFhhdFpqYzBFWFNoUlRXM0FsZG9KbVkxUUVTemQyUnZJVVpVeG1ldE4zS3Z0eWRHMTJWM3RtZXk5MGF4SVRVNGxITzBZellCbFdibTFVVHR4a05wOUVUdkpHZU9SblJ1ZDFZcloxZG9kV1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Crime_and_Investigation_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Crime Investigation
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVEdWamU1TkdWamwzVHpOalkxSkRidEZuY085MGFCVkVkS1pFYnN0eVV0QlhlVVpYU1NkblFQdGlNR1JVYnpBbFRMcDFLdkIxTE1WVGRSRm5VVUJuUkVsR2RFUlRUNUZHYXBGMlQ0b1hjNDEyYzNkVk9ZdG1hREZtTnVwbU5ySkRWTUpGZHZnV1pNNTBWaXAyYXpza1RpVkdTNXRrV0ROMmRVZFdjSU5VV2l4V2VQUkRlcVZGTnZoMFl3bERjNFpIYW1sVWQwNEdiMkpIUzNsSE0zTmpRVUZETnRobWJLaDFSNWNGZW5CSE5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.davincikids.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Da-Vinci-Primary-Logo-RGB.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Da Vinci
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVGFwbmJoRmtlM2dFVm5oRVUzVjNZRVpuWXlFVFlodEViNkZIZXd3VWU2eDBNdVpFY0g1bVYyeDJSMWwzZHZjbVRXTlRWb0YwTTVwMlZ2RTNNUGxrWVpkbmJLZGtlYVIxYnpSa1owWUZXa3RXWUkxV2FGMWtjRngyU3pGa2RvcDFkbXRFVGtCSGQ1RmpXNFp6YVF4R1U0RUhXcTEwUjF4VU13MDJaQ3RtY1VWM1ppUkZWVzlDUnVkVVVWOXlZanRXWXhNV1loWlVjaVptYzJwSFNvbDJRUUozTG5WM1JoOVdaVzVtZEpWbVluMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?d05UZHlFbmVPbDNOUlJuV29aR2FNdEdhc3BFVnBGV01LSldXeXBHTTFZMFozcGxhTWxYY3p3R1pvTlRhYVJXYnBwM1NQdDBiU3BXZHJkbVFpWmtVdVpWWXlNV1c0cG5kV2x6YU1sVGFhWkdjVjFtY3hKVFpQRkZWdlIzTGk5R05oSlVjUk56TlVkalc2NUVlamhrUlk1R2EwWjNjVFYyYld0VU9JOVVhMmxYVkZCMU15cDJWejQwVDBNMVpEOTJUQkZGWnBOV1NJSkdVc3BuWjRJV2FPZGtlS1JqUm94R1VwUmpRSVYxWVVobWNYcEVlVTlFYkZ4MmJaSjNkdVJ6Y1c1a1J3Y1dieEozWVRSWGF1TkVjdmdYT3BWbmE0RmtkM1JYYXZvblNSZHpiNDlrTTBVemEzTkhheG9ITXBGSFR2aG5jdlpIYjFvV1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVDN3MGRESkZaVHhHZXdWMUw1bzFZSzUyY2hWMUw0UmxkdnhVZU5WbmEzQkZaTkYzVEZsbU5KSkZXeU1VZHVaV1Izb0hiekJUUzROa1lwMVdTemhtVjV4MGJNMVVPMFIyTHgxV2RUWlZTbEpIYVdwRWV5Umxjb2xYTzFjbFMxaFVZbkJsZFlOSE56c0NhdkkxYXprVVlUVm1hNkpVYlJaVWNocG5lbDEwWVBGR2MwOVdlV3BXTTVObVUyaDFaTnBXU0lOa1NDUm1iMmNYTnpFMlMzTlVXbmhGZFpGWGMxY3pONUJGYVZGSGUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Discovery_Asia_logo.svg/1200px-Discovery_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Asia
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVHJabmN4RkdjNHAzVHZkME52VTFMcXBtYVhaV1RhTm1icUJYV0VWbFYwUjNRMEFuUjFVM1ZTUjNjNWRuZEJ0R1NxWlZaeTkwTDFvR1oxaDJZeU1FTTRJbWRYcEdSNkZUV3haMVlRMWthbE5IVjVJelMwc0NjM3dFU0pSRmF3MTBMcWxqUlJaSGNRbGxRU1IwY3hZVFZqbFVONlZuVzIxV2NwaFhRVGxXWjFOM2RGQjFaQ0pIZHVsSFRWOXlLTDVHUjBsM01ZRldiRzlDYURoa2M1SjBjSXRrVHZJbmNEcEVXNkJsYlVKV09CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/Discovery_science_new_logo_2017.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Science
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVEI5eWJVUlVNeHdXVXExa1N6Rm5iR3QyS2w1a05qWjFhTVozVDJja012QlhaWEpXZGxGM1J6QlRhTFpVYXkxVWNOUmpidzFrV21GamJ5WVhjRzltUmpoMWExSlhVUmgxU3VGMUw2MW1jU0ZYZGtCMWI1Z1hhMEoyWU9WMlYzZDBRWHRrTm5kbWFCRlhVaGxWZTRORVJ6UmxldHBsUkZsVGNvRkhlWkYzUXJRR2R4OTJjVmhVTnFKVGJPSm5lSWwzWm9aRmJWUjFhUkptVFNGRU1yaG5iRXhrVnJFSFZ0Rm1XQ2xtYUJaek5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Discovery_Showcase_Logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Showcase
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVERObWFwTnpkVlpUTXlOa01vcEViQmxtTmFkRE9tZGxiRGxrWUlsbFd1RlVNRjVFTTBoV1FCNWtjeGszY0hoMFpwVlRZcVJXVTZGRFcxRjNMd1ZVTXJnbWJqVldSVlJVTnBCWGV1SmpXbk5uZXZZRlIxb25jNEVHTUp0aWNxUlVkNFlsTnVsSFQ1Y1ZWbVp6YnY1V2M2bFVjMDlVYXhKSGMxQTNVM2tIT3FOR2I1WTJZTmQwTHVobVFIeFVZdmdIY0VSME41RUhleVFsZUhkR1p6dGtUdHRVUU1sV1ppbFZRUFpGYTNrMVNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/Discovery_Turbo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Turbo
http://?NDFHWkZOSFNDVjNZS2hUT3BsSGNGbDNUcU5IWnJ0a1dNUmxTckFYYzNoMEx2YzJkUTlHYnVkVVpzWkhPclJIV1B4bVR5QW5UcUZtYjJrMlN2NEdjeFYxTUNSV1NwbG5RcEp6VXdNemI0WWxRNUluVjFsVlFZeEdkdGhYWUxCbE5wRjJiclVWT3lnRE42aDBNUHBFVU5kbVNzcEdTM0ZuYWtKMFZTMWtaek5WTndKVk41Z21XUWgzWnZSa2N2aDBOUWxHT3NsSFVVWjBZQkozWlNKRE1tRlhleFZUTTJZRlJ0aDJadHBuWTQxR1YxcFhRdkJuYk1oR1YxQm5kbk5GTXNwM1IyQUhabnBVT3lnelp5TVRkQmhWZTBWVWVUbGtkNWsyVFhKRlZtZHpkTlJtVDBjR1Q0WldXVDlrVEJoR1NpRlRhellYYTBJemNsUlhOckptWW45MFVEOUdiTGxIU2pSRWR5VW1NcTVtWXhsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/DocuBox_HD_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docu Box
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVHNkM2RGQkRTU3hHU3h4MmREVkhNYVpYWXBKRGRsaGtldXhrWTJGV2N5UlZPdVpqTkIxMk1haDJReUYyYXJrMEx6WTBTMDVHUlRkMGRFNUdUM2NWZDRWVGV2d2tkSWh6THVCbGQyWUdhcmRuWXdGMVU2OTJjUDlXUzNkRmN3NTJLdjhpV1hOSGVwRlRZTkZsYTJJM1QyUmxkdkZsZUJWV2JrRm5NWjkyYm9GMmFXWm5ZamhHVjFOemJsZG1UWDlXVVQ1bVdHUmtlckVVT0NObGFwMUdjQkpXWkx4V2V5TnpOd2hHYXlvV1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://thesavvyscreener.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/docurama.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docurama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yvNu4Rm.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Fashion TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/H2_channel_logo.PNG" group-title="Informative Channel", H2
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVGlSbGRIdEVkb0psTXFGSE1uOTBVTjVXTkJGblRtaFRhUXhFUmlSemF4OUVWT0ZGVEs5Mll4NG1XQlIzYUtGM2RDWkRXNUpHYkNaSGROTjNSV1pUT3pZWGNSOVViNGNXVTFWRFdVSkdTeGhYUTJOMmNGSlRiNVZHVzBoRVoyWjFhdEpIUkVsR09RUkdPd1prYTBBVlcyVWphb05HTjQ4MmQ0a1hRMWQyTnY1bWVIVmxOVUZtUzNWV2NvWjBTVnhtZENWelNJSm5hbUowWURwM1J6OUdSalJYT09WWFZyUlRRcE4wZGhsVVZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logosvgpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/hdl-automation-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", HDL HD
http://?b0p6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHJ3bWF3VTNSR2RrWXZoR1VKVkhlT05uZHpkVlpQTlhhREZtU09GSGN1WmpleW9XVEkxR09hSmpOV0prYUZwRmFROXlNcU4xTVQ5MFl3SlhZMlIwVkJCRGJpQmpSRXBGTjNsV1NZNUVPM2xHV3c0V05FZG1iaUJ6Y3JsbE10Rm5WTFJuUlpsV1Y1VjJRcllIZTZkM1MyUWpTcEpYTTRnRFJKcDJiR3BrYzVFbmM2dEVPaGxtVm9sMFRQdDBTM01uVlNGMWNYUkhkblJuVVRWM0syRmxlUFYzUkRKblVaWkViWEoyY09Ka2RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/history-tv18-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", History 18
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSbnBYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVDVSSGNpUlVSaHBHY3dWelRHVjJWdVZYVDRZR01GSldjT2wxUTJrRFZ5bEdTVFpHYW1aSGR0bEROVkpIYjBjRmRNMVVUMFZVUWtSVFNoTkhPR2hHTU1SMWFXeGtaR0JsUm5GRVVqTkRaRzUyVWk1MlF5UkRka3QyVDZabGFuNUVhQzVFT1VwSGV2TkZSemNVY0tsbFJDSlRPblZGT3VSRlVhWm5ZVHBuYmlsbWVWWm5ZMklHWm5CamMwcDJNQmQyUXZrekx6VVVhNE5VU1Z0VVN2dFVRd0ZXV2FKblZJVjBaMEYzZDB4RVozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/398-3989913_id-investigation-discovery-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Investigation Discovery
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGMVpCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVHdRMWF3ZG1jU3RrZG9Wbk1UOVNiMUZuTXdaVmJ5Y25hYTEyVDNvM1l4VjJjUmxUUnFoM2JMeDJielFEY3F0VVJNVjJNNGgxTEc1MGNYbG1lem9FV3BORmVQTkdUSkJsZTNOak4yWlRSSWRIUllaRVVCVkViamRITTVvVk9xZDFiWlozYVhsMmFWNW1Ud1Z6WnlsellhaFdiMGhEYnI0MEsyVjNRM3BGYzNwVmJ2QURWWmhHWjRsemE1bzJiMnBuUnlOa2R3UUZlWVJEVHBsRFN3ZGpWVEJqYWFKWGJ1OWtWbWRUYWlOVFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mms.businesswire.com/media/20160221005243/en/510305/5/LoveNature_TypeMask_FINAL_highres.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Love Nature
http://?PTQyTW1SSE9WUlZiNjVVVlFKRVZ1UkhkTXRTU0Q1V1FGRlhjaFZrZGFOblkwZGxVMkZXVFl0Q1VMQkhlRFJrTkhWbmRxWkVidVYxWTZSVlZ5eDBNRUYzYWFSek4ydGtiSloyTDRoMVY1dFVjSjl5UVY1MlF5RjFUaU5VYzJ4VWRsVkZPNDVXUXJCelNGSkhXblIwVlZSRmFZbDFhMGxuTm9sVVlGSkRkNEJuVDI0Mk5zbGpjTTEyVFlsRWM2SjJVMVJHWkJkWGMyUjNOckJsZUtWbGUya1hUclpsVVhOV1NVMVdPVmwzVFlKM2FUWlZiV0YyUzBaVVZWWjBUSUJuTWpWVVp5QUhhNU4yYkdWV2VyOTJMVUJqU21SSGQzb1hOeTVtYVBaVlR2WkVU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mst3k.com/userFiles/uploads/logos/mstlogo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Mystery Science
http://?PThtYUdwMExVQlZha2RIZEgxRVUyZFhjNkpVYllWWE1aNUdUdlpIZElsMlZ6NVVlc1prZDFGbFFrbG5WeWhrV0hsRmV5Y1ZXeGhEZDZoVllpWldjUFZYVHRSMFR6UWxjV1JsVHpnV1JxVkdkelVVUmo1R1RHTjJUc1IwZFJkM1F2NDBVcmhVVWxOMlY1aDNOcDlpZFY5V2JMUkdWYXBrUjBGblp6eGtabFZYTUI5U2FVRkhjT2xIZDU4U2U0QnpVMllWY3hrMlR6c21UWXAxWnhjMVF0WlhacGxrYUxGRU92SVhRRkZVVDFZVmNYVm5kMXRTVG5aRmRUOVNOenAyUjMxR1RNTjNjMG9FVmt0eWRyVjFhMklHZGt0MmExa1RaTzVFYWtGSGFUZEVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/NASA_logo.svg/1224px-NASA_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Public Tv
http://?dkpqYlVkSFJCRm5Td1YyTVpWWGNNaGxRd1owTnQ1VVFTbFZhVmgzSzVVbE1NQmphc1ZHY3VwMmJ5NUdUQmwxWmtoMlp6WW1Vdk5tY1BsbmNxZDBTNWwzTDVNMmMxNG1jT3BYVXRkemIwa1hVNVVWUXFGWE9DeEdhd2syYk1oVVl2Z0hjSFpVVDVSMWRuTjNWNTFVZXJSSGN6eEdNMDgyWkM5Q04wMG1jNjlVZFpsVGF6VjNRV2hqYVRkRGVORmxhNDRVTnpoVE9wTldUUXBYZUNSRVNMVmphTmhGT29SRWR5cGxlalJIU1hwSE5tZDNjdnRTYXJRV1R0RlZidmgwTEhCSFRITkhXTGxEZTBRV2FOVlZhTFZtTTJOMmJXdFNlR1IzTEhwWFRTaFZjbUZsUWFsalZ4OVNTMkptVDN3V2VaRmtjcjFrZDFsa01SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/nasaLogo-570x450.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Tv
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVFRSVmVxTlVVSXBWUXFOWFZXWjFSblpYUjNzU1RLVldhM0VrWXVSRFI1VjNLUFJVYjZkM1pZQlRZSTFtYkNkM1l2UW1ic0pFZXJ0bWVSZDJMMEZ6TTBNVmNRNUVjdGwxWXlKbmJRZEhTRjUyTjJra1R4UWtiWlpVYzQxa1ZxRmxjaVptU2loR1U2Vm1UMFJHZXBKVFJ4TXpUeUpITXJsMFVETm5iNFowY0VKSGRETkVTQlpGTndWMWIzOTBja2RYWXlkVFc1c21kcngyZEZSWGF6ZEhiVWwzY2tkV1cwZGpRWmREZDZwVVJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Nat_Geo_Wild_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nat Geo Wild
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVENKbGFybzFOS3QyTXpwSFJyMVdUVkYzWmxGWFp6OFdjNkpWVUhaVVlvWm5Vb0pGZDB0MlluTkZUNHAwY3hKVmIyVUZjM1ZsVXAxV1RQaG5lMUYxVHJWRGJ4WjNNeGRHVDJkMVkyRkRlcm9YVTBjVFQyOXljUFptVW05U1pwMUVWamgxUnpvR1UzeEdOd2cxY3h3R093WVRRc05sYXpGSFpuNW1kcjlHY1dOV2RDVmtjemNGTnlOSGRUMTBhMjltYlBkVWIwWTFjd0pYTnZNbWV2dGlWeFp6Y3J3R2JKaDFRMm9uZXJjV1FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVFMxbWRoTm5kd0pYYnFKbE01ZFhlTkJuVjNFMFkyUWxkV1ZqZHdSMlIzWkdkWXAzWTVjMmRwbDJLWUJGYnZvVVJGZFZiNDFXYllGalFtZFhXdGxWVERCM2FpSkRPa1pqUjJ0V1Ywb1ZTekZITUJsVGFJZGxiTHRDWjBJbU11VlhSamRVTzNrV01xRkdNREpYYkVKRGNhSlZObjlrYnNaVVVNMUdaRE4xS3g5V2FTeFVPWXhtUXdORWFCWjFNemhXVDFWek5JVlRld2xqY3hrWGFuQkRONUYxU1dSWE9xaHphbGhsY0psM0xSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVDNSamFHQkZSR2hGZXBsMFNOZEVTa2RuZExkVloxRUhkTE5uYjRBamN3WlVXcXAyZDRNWFR4OENTeEV6ZHlka2MybFdZcmRYUjU1RVN6SVhNWlZXWlFCVmE1SnpjcmREV3ZabmRzRldaNTlHUnlvVmJWQjNjVFZWYWxSVWR2dEVlU2xUZG9sMkx5MVVkMDUyYlFSbGNtWkdVblJUUUxoblcxWm5NcFZrUVFSWGNwUlVZc2wxUndsVldERm1WMWsyY3lnbWFtcGtjdGRqUzFkbFQ2bFVheUYyTEk5Mlp3SVZjVlIxYVRCblJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ocean-tv.media/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Logo-OceanTV-FULL-1.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Ocean Tv
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGMVpCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVFdsM2FaVkdTTEZVTzJGbFdVMVVRd0JYZEVKSE95OENlTGhYUkk5V2M2TmpObmhEVU0xV1NFeEdlM2duYTFJV1NEWkVjMlpqVElwa05WRm5XME5sYVk5MGFuZFVRMk1WUTVGMlI2QnpZeUpYUTVVR1RCRkdibE56VDNWMlIyUjJNSGRXT2pwM1lLbEViWDlrY3JKR1d1dGthdHBXVE45U1ZzRlhRTlIxY1YxbWF0VkdlR2wzVDFoblk1VnpSdWRIYnBSRVpOZHphTFZ6UTBKVlJwaFZad2MxUjVnbVJ5WW5hbkZFZVZoRVUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/540-5404873_outdoor-channel-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Outdoor Channel
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVDFkRWMwUlRSS3htZTJkekt1UjNZWlpIZVFaR095SkVjMUJWYzRSVFR2VnpRR1pXY0JOWE13VXpRRVZVZVZOMlozVTNOd1prWUxWbVMxY21lNDhTWXc4MmJyVmxRMGxUTjFGRmExMDJUYXgyTXdwbmQyVTJhcGRuUnZOWE0wcG1jQmQwU04xR2R5YzFjS3gwY2xOM2F4VVhheFpYUjBzbVVybFhTU2RUU1pObGVaaEdOblYyWjJ4a1o0bFdiQ2hYYW9WVVR2MDJabUJYVGF0a1NxaFZObVpYYURGM2REcGtRaGxWY205MFlSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pbsamerica.co.uk/wp-content/themes/pbs/img/logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", PBS America
http://?ekJIUzFZblJUOTJSS0ZHVHVOemIwa1VhQmxUWnZsMlN5eEVXeHhHVHdoM1p0SnpaQjUwVnBaa2J4WlhUdmwwVm5wM1FKZEVWMGcwWndkR2UzTm1hMEZETmpOVlMxSlhOTzlpV0I5VWFMVnpSekVFVTV0aU0yb0VialYzWWtObU5QSmthM2NYUU9GRFRubDBaNk5IZFAxV1cwSjFVemtrZUdCWFJ0UmpjMDVtUldObWNsRjNjekJUT2lSR2QwVUZablZYTzJsVlp2a2tZU2RXYXFabVlNVjBhcHQyTUtCbmV3cDJackpXYjBRM1l3Y2xXSlZXZGhGblFaVlVTdHBXT3o5bVl3aEhkcXRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tillerdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/popular-science-magazine_610_407_80.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Popular Science
http://?ck5YT3lnbWV0dDJjMlVtVGFoMWJ2QkZkNVpuZXBWV1RMeFdWNE4zSzVrMVpMeDJjeUl6TlBwSFM2SlZOaUYzTTA4V05VQjFaNG8zWm1WWFlHOWtNcEJUVlJkR2VYSjNLUEpGTUpKWGR1eG1ZdlVsVnVkMGFEZFhieEJITTVCRmVaTkVlU2xIYmxWSGF5VmtNb1JtYkdGM1NKTjBjak4zYnpOWE1HNW1jdFIwU1ZsVGVpeFdRNVoxZDA1bWRMcGxjeGhIZHRsblpvTjNNR3BYYUZoemRyTmxkVWgyUnQ5V056UlZNVlYyUjE0bVV0SkViUWxqYzZaelZsbFRWdUpqUmhGVU1oaEhTS2xVYlJ0Q2UweDJkWjlpY3M1bVpPRmtRWVpuY0taemIzSlVkUXBIV3ljSFJyZDFjNjkwTnJoWFIyVkhTd3AxYnRGbmFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/RTD-TV-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", RT Documentary
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSblZYUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVEtKR2MzQXpaWGxHTjFaMFNWOVNWeFFYTnBaRVN4OEViQnBVUTFrVFQwVlhOdEowWVlsbmJ3aDNWRGhsZXVsMWJHVjBLMVpVY0RGVlVzbFdUNVpEYVJkSGJGOTJWUXAzYXRaMVkyRm1USDFXY2xaVFd4RkVhQkowTTFWa1p6TmpOb2xGWkU1V095VmtSQzEyY3hSbFV2VTFOcGRGZHJZa2REbG5WNVVqVk9oRmFRWmtiNGRsY25ablpEZEdNUEZuVjJKSFpQUldhVlZtZU9aRVVyNW1VTlpHUzM5V1E2OWtid3RFYVNWbmUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/Showcase_Logo_2015.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Showcase Tv
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHdKbWVZaEhPeTBtVjZOa2VHWm1NdmNuY1ZaSGNTOWljMDlHTjBJVmRvaFRXRDEyVGFkSE5XRmtaWXQyWjBGVVM1UkVadnBXWlFGbU1qZDNLQ0JUZDZkbmJLeDBSR2wwSzNGVmNyTVRVcnRXY3o0RWJKZFhlYU5XVjFkbU12ZFVUeVZWU1BOWE5EQjNZWlJsY3J4VWJYRkRVcmQyTW1CVmNGcFhheXBIT3BoV2F2c1VOczlpUzRaVWFuTlRhMEJYWXhkemF3UW1kMVVWT3c4V1o1TmtNWFIxU05kM0x6aGpVekFsZTRKbU1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/thumbs/2x/the-weather-channel-1-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVG5OamRpSmplWHBsZHhWV1ZwVmxadHRHVlF0VVZ5TTNkU2xVT3pkelJzSm1TNWxYWkg5R1dsTlRicXhXYmp4bWNHVldieGx6YjR0R2FQWkhlWVYxTkpORmExd0VjS1ZrVnVwVVNDZEZWWVozTnJKMmFyWTBhNU0zZEpWa1M1Sm1adUJEZEY1Mk5sVmxldlpGZFZCbmIxSURjNEJIVm1kSFJZaDJUeFowVXhwMVpRTnpkdkpYYnlGRE0ySkZTMndXU3JjME4zSUdkbjltVnNKV1cwTldONmwwUlVwWFRsdGtiWFJFY2xWRVczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/TInMfsC.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVHpjWGNMcGxXdkV6WTZSV2RoRnpWTnBHVnJCVGU1VjBidFJGTUNabVkwVkZPc1JWUjNrWFIxRUVXUDlFZTJNMkwxUUhlcEYxTmFaek1qbEhUREJUV1hsWGFQUkVVdmxYWndaM1l4WmthcUZIVjJvV2JSdFNjeGRrUjR0aWR4Wm5jTEZqVzJSWFJwdGlTdUpsYVk5Q2QxZ2tUcFJXTjNJM1p4NDJac1ZYT3ZVR2NQNWtRSmgxVXh4R1dUeDJReDFHZXdBM1F2czJhSFZIWkVaRmFxRmxaMFZHVHBGSFRIcG5XNWNUYXlFWE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iXwGMoe.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC [HINDI]
http://?eTFHWkZOSFNDbDNZS2hUT3BsbmNGbDNUcU5IWjJ0a1dNUmxTcmNXYzNoMEx2Y1dkUTlHYnVkVVpvWkhPclJIV1B0bVRyTjBUSVpqZHVkbmJycGtlMkpXVHkxRVVRQkhhQ05IVTBZamVYWkVWMGcyWXlwR2JpWmxZNXdXUlZ0eVZ2aDBiSk4wUndZbmQ2VmpaVnRpTWxOSFpDeFdTRFozYTV4bVpQNWtWcVJqZG9wbFNyRlhlTUIxYjJWbWQzOFdVMVUzWW45Q2FZSmpVTmRtWnlsbGM1ZGtkaHAxY0tsbU1uMWtieFZVVzJkbllrNW1XVFZXZHpSbmFsZDNkdnBYT09oMkwzbzJjV0ZXZE9Wa2NTUkdjT2RYYjY1R2Q0bDBTbGwzTUJsblVOMWtjSkpGT21WR1VxdEdPcFJ6WnVoR055WXpVWnRpZFNOMVVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Viasat_Explore.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Explore
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVDBJMGFxbEdPV0JuVXBOV1dDaFdRNEpuYzRjbk1MWkVjeGxYV3RKbVU0WkZTalpuWTM1R092WjBiSUZtYkNoblpySlhOMk5EZWExMlVPbG5kMDEwTERoMWJGQlRNWnRTUnE5MmNQWkdNM2syYzNrbGNFcFhkelZUVXdoM1QzUlhldk4yTU1sWGJHVkVlUVowYjBnVU9ucDJMM1YzUUJWV1M2dFdUM1lqWWhkSGJzZEZUaGRFU3l4R08zbG5kbXAzTkVaemQ0Y1dkM1JrZFBkV1IwcGtRUEoyS1cxbWNaRm5WWFJVZG41ME5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Viasat_History_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat History
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVEtSbmVXcEVSenMwWndWbE53a0haRWRHVTBoVmE2ZGpkbVJuYTRFbFYyTjJjMkJYT0xaSGJsVldTSWRVZFNabmExTWxiM1ZYTzBSelR5Rm5ja1ZIV3Y5Q2JKTm5hdXhFT25KV1VMMUVXenNXTVZKMFlGcDJkUlJFZU54MEt0RnpZaFJsTXV4V1FFaGxNYUpqZEpsemJJbG5Obzl5YWpOWGFvRlhVTk5YVnJzaWVTWmxWUHBHZHhabmRGaFhhT3htWVJaV1JHTkhkTGwxS2pWR014UjBkemdXVDQ1V01sNTJjNVVrYURkbFZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Viasat_Nature_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Nature
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cybG5lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVFhoRGRWVldNMnhtTnFoV09pOVVUeGNXVlZKbWN2SkhiQmxXTXJCVFowQkRSVUp6VlVwR05RcDFMNUluZXFkSGR1cGtOdk5qTXF4MFVHWlhhQ3QyWXZGMlppdFVRM1ZsZDF0MlYzZG1ZMmRYWm5GbWVNbFRlVUpXZUtoME5xZHpMTnBFY1RwM2JJTmpSQjUyZHNOR2JObFhNMUpEVjI4bVF4cFdRVFptU01aVGJ4cFhidjhVUnBWa1ZFZFhNMkpIT2w1a1ZLSjFjdlltV1FoRVM1VmphU1JGY3hvbmQ0ZERlUkpWZHpSME5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-c6eX-156UadfwgTc8S6aUj8bnnniJ1PvtM9qnepbq-CJsiOtRWDBVHs_dH-aLT0lKrU=h300" group-title="Informative Channel", YTN Science
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVE9GR2VYQkROWkJqTTRoRlM1WUdiWk5uYkhsV1VZaG1kd1ZWVVNKak0wVkZTemxXTTFwM0swOENTUWRtZERWRGJaaG5UcHRTY3lwMGRVZFhZbE4yTDJJR2NPSjJjekFYU24xVU94SUVSMkFYWVZaWE5vTldlUGhGZXgxRU0wRnpkeVozWVZSSE9rdFdOcllVYXFkbk5UTjBkeHBGVUlwSE81OVdVVUpXUVdkbmF2OW1hRkYxWTNSM1JrbFdPNTlXY3BKSFNWUkVkVXRpVDZ0a001VkdXM1ZYU0xOWFdHWkZWdE5qZXg1R2JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Arirang_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Arirang
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVEc1MmNyc1VSRWxETTZsekswOTBTTDlXV0VaVU8wNGtjVkpEVTA5U2RxOVVWMGhFVHp4Mkx2TkZiRWxUY1NkemI0Vm5jc1JsUTRBRlJtRkhPenRXY1dabGNVRlhUbXBGVXRsbGJGdHlkeFpYUng4aVkxVUViNmhUWjVGa1F1TkhlNWt6VDJNSFRCVm1Ua3BIYmFCRE1rVkRTdXRVU2wxbVV3dG1OWlJVWkM5a2JhSm1NalJtWjRCblQ2NWtTU2huU3RKemNPVm5ld1pXVlNGa1Z5VkhlUkpsYm1kblQwWW5iejhFYU5WemNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRLCa5172AYKrPfgPwgAX5CsBccTeZ6R73Ij_D9-Se2TtV8TEX7&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?ME5UZHlFbmVPaDNOUlJuV29aR2FNdEdhc3BFVm5GV01LSldXeWxITTFZMFozcFZlTWxYY3p3R1o0TlRhYVJXYnB4bVMxY1RiTkpUZTFSMFlCQkRVNjVXZFdaVWVIbFhNdEJUV3ZaV2Q2UjJScnhrUXNGa2R1RjJMMUpYUXBOa1pTVm1hR04xTXMxMFM2Wm1NUTlVV0NSbloxTVhicXRFZTJaa1NZTlZTbzEwYzJKM1FHUm5WNDQyVHJKM1pWOW1jdWxVVnBsM05PVmtZeTEyZDVzVU9VcEZjREZUTXNaMVYxSlZWQ3hXUmxOM1o0QWxiQ05IYTJRMmEyUVROMWhuY29WRlcweDJiV1ZEY0loMmIxSW5OcFJ6S3VKV012UlhPYXgyZEh0U00yZG5jNE0yWXRsbmN4aFVPT1JFTlJwR2IxRm1ONEpEZU45VVk0Z0hNNkZGY3JJa1lEbFhaWXRtYjA5a2NYNUVSM0FsWTNSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://wpcdn.us-east-1.vip.tn-cloud.net/www.abccolumbia.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Dabl-Logo01-PinkGreen.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DABL
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVFlsRGN4WkRTQlJtYzNGWGRVWlZVUXhHZXZkVVp1VlVldkZXU1FOR2JyUmpSRTkwUUR4R2JvQkRUcnhHZHdaM2JHUlZOb1JFZXBSbVFCSlhWS1pUVHRGWGUyOEVSemNIZHdOSFZDVm1kQ2QzZFQ1MkxwbDFjWTEwTVVkR1I0Um5UM0ZUWXhFblJxVmtaNTVFYkN0Q1cxUkdWNWhWVVhwSFpLZFdiQkpGZVlkbmJrNUdUUlJqZDZOVGNYeDJVaEJIZXNCSE5ISlZjME1YVnhNbFZwcFdRNEUyY3Nsbk1NUmtaemRIZU9KSFZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Dmax.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DMAX
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVFJOVmFYbDNiWmQxYXNaMlZKaEhkVXAyZGlOek1EbFZhRmQyTHlzV2UxNTJNelYwS1hoWFM2WlRWYUYxWnpKWFp6RURXdlZ6VHBwWGV0cFdUengyTUpkM2JFZFRWNjVXYnB0a2JOUlZOVmgzYjZKVWR5SW1leUoxSzF3bWQ1TkRTUTVFT0RKWFl6VURleGNrYkRWbGNJbG1Ob0pXV2k1VU1pdG1aMnRFT3doamRvOWlNRlZGVXhGR092Z1Vjd0puYlhGbFIxNVViTFpVYU1KWGV3TlRUNFZYYlZ4V1QzTTNjS2xFYXRkaldSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRO_F8T3_Ow1_Od8Eqtz692_3VxF6YgnIWnsw&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Food 52
http://?MWxtZDZaVlJDbDNjM00yYndOWGJSaEhTM2RFTXRWV09xSmxiclFuTkNkVGQ1WVdjcmRXYnhCMVN2aEZiNVVUWnZBSGUzSUVlMVJtZFFKbmNUQlhidngwYXlkRVVGZG1NTUozWjFRbWJsZEZNYU5rUnFGalZGaFdjYUpITUY5U2VKVkhlanBtYzVSRWFycEVSSHBGTzFzV05xVnpWazlHY1hGV2IyTlRObmhVYzVJV05MUlhkUFJGVU5kemQxaDNieFFIYzFOalJPTlZReG9IVkxSRVRsTmtiNFVsTTFWMVkwUkViMTRrTjVjbk5SRkRadHQwWnVsM1JyVVRUcUpFVzM0a2F2TkhibEpVYURKRGN3NTBaMUYxWXVOa1NKUmtVU0IzVjBFWFZRWkhhQzEyYnlsM0syaFhTVDlDVzU5bVNsdDBRakZqZE1SbldYNW1RdFowSzM0ME10ZDNhd0JGYnZ4VWFNcFZUeU5rUTFWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/Fox_life_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Fox Life
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVEJWMGQ0Z0ZUb3RDU3Jka1lVUlhWSUZuWXdnMU1RWjNkMlVGVnhrV1lvUkdjd2QzUnROblFMRkROTUJIYnh3MGIwcDNNcEZsYzNVV1NsQjNZbnBHZU1OMGRtUlZXemhXZDV4bWRYUnphb2xuYnlsMWFPUkhiTUIzUzRCalp6SjFhTzUyUUp0bWMxUlhlbjFtZHBKVVRRSldOMFZIYkNSM012YzNMbVJVTkZWV2VMNUdTQ3RTVG9SRGRWUldZTDVHZVRGRE9IUjFiSVJtYTFaVVd5Wm5iSkYwYzJNblQ0MW1Ub1ZIYkRCRE1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS0PSVQU0pCIFdxvH4iCbldCJkZdk3Z9TG1fQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FTV
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owYXVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPZG1TMU5YVHFwRmN3ZGtVMVFUWXVWMExDbEVWalpIWkNSVWV2cEVkdHBYWXhjM0w0bDBWeWNsTnRKSFRsbFdRMFlGZUg1RWNqRmplMjEwY3haa1RpWlhiNWR6Y1FsRGQyQjFiMjhpYzI1V2N0WmtjMGttTjJNRFQ2dEdhMGdqVkRWMWR5bDBibTlFY3pkV2ExaDNSblpXZXdrbU1tdFVTNWhEZTI5V1V3TjNOajVHTzE0R2N1NTBOVUJUUnBsVE5ZaEdPTTltWnJvME0yRldkR3BWTk5SV2NzSmxXWmhXWWFCSFIwOUdNNkJGYWFSblZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/FYI%2C_logo.svg/1200px-FYI%2C_logo.svg.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FYI
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyZG1lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVDRrMmJ2Y2pUVUpsYTFGbWFUdFNOMXNtVzZ4bU1EOVdjUUYzZERGRGNwaFhhSzlTV3pwWFIwWm5NbXAwYXlWRmFrTlRkcGhUWlFKRU4wTUhabWgyTkVaVWRvQm5ScGhuYnJGSGJCcEZWWEZIUkZwR2RXWldka3RFVDRobU0zcFZRb0owVjJwbVdNZG1SemMzZENGVU4xRjJUNjkwTHBKamJabFhiNFlXV1BSR2N4MFdRdmsxVXhaelNuVkRkRVZYU08xRWFSQlRjMGdUWjNKRmQyMUdWa0pEU2E5R2Q1b2tOc3BYYWs5a1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/hdfashion.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HD Fashion & LifeStyle
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5OclpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVHhkWGFTRkZOcmdITW9aRWFJRlhRbmhtYURWMEs1aEVkcFZXTUt4Mk1wbFdjbmxYTnpjM1Mxa0ZlNE1VYnRaSFNZSjFMcTkwY1hKWFoySW5iRGRWUzBGelpoVjFiMVIxYTNSM1VWMVVNcEpYV2paM2N3a0RhVEYyTHl3a1J5VlhjS2RUUXlOSGFtcG1XUXhVY1ZOWFRVMVVWNVozWXI5U09CbDJjRFpVV0VSbmFKaGxSNFlIVzJkMk0xWTJSeHAyZHdObGEyWmpib1ZWY0Nkbk5yTnpLNGRVZHlCblRSdENidmgzWkU1RVRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/HGTV_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HGTV
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZ5TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVE9ORGNEdG1hU3RHV3J0bWJyTjFLNmhITzFFa1lhRjNhU05uWmk5V04yWkdaeEJ6U245R2FtVkRPNFZIZVFoVGRGRmpWNk5uZWpGWGF4Vlhld0ZsVkdKVmNZbGtWbE5WVm9Ka2RLTjBSdFZYYnh4RVJwUnpaRGhWVzVobk1ucDNTMlYxWTRvSFdTVmpVRUoxWlRoM1p4c0NiNFIyTXJJak55SlhPckUxS1lkbGJQOWtTNlZXTnFkVmV2czBLemdtVWFkbmMxUjNjazUwY1BoM1IzSlVNV1J6TE5kMlF2SURNMmxYZE9kRlZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Home & Living
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVG5oMVpwRkVNTjkwTW8xMlRXbG1kNHBXTnlCM1lrZGpldnRrY1JSbWM1OWtTTmRYYTVNWGFhOTBNWEJEZGpWblZpWlZjb3AxVXBkalZZTjNUNGhrUUh4bWVETlVRVGxqYW9CVGEzbzNhWGRHT2hOMVZaZEhlMWhFU3J4V2QzMW1hUWh6TXZrSFdtUlhjdDVrZEpKVVpYUlhRMUpUYTNNRVdyMDJTR2xYZDBJMmI1QnpWUWxIVzBGRU4wSnpOUWQzTGFWbWNERmxleVJrU0Q5VVd4cDBheGwxVDNrR1ZsaDJhRmRVY3JvV2NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Living-foodz-logo.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Living Foodz
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbnhXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVG81RWQ2QjFZWGxtTnhOMU0zRTNRRk4zZDNabE4xWjFjMGNrVXZKbVMzQlZOVWxFVU54bWNUVlZNT2xGYVFWMVNZTnphNUprUzBFR1RZbFhTM1ZIVDVVRWRGRm5SM3BIZDNwSE0ya21VSEozZEwxMEtxWlZjeXBITW9KRk92RldZd1FGUlFCblR3cEdhWUJ6Y0hWa1R0eEVidXhHU2pkbldMQm5WMnBWUW4xVWQ1VVZXTmhsVjNoV1FFTldRRXBtU254MmJaOUVhSFJtTkNsV1pySjFLbzFVVXpwblkwUmtjMkFUZWlSVE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/monarch-airlines-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Monarch TV
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGVmVCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVDVFamNrUldOdkJWV3hoMkxzUjNWdncyVUxsRU5LRjFhQ04xVndoRU91QlRTdkpFZTQwbVRTbDNSVUZYY2pCVE1vVlZkb3BuVTA0R1dSaG1jNmRVYTJJbGRtcFdWMmxtTXdsbFF6VlRZdHhXZHdFM0x5QmplWE5qVUI5MEt6ZEVjc3RDTVJ0R2JFOTJka0JGZEt0bWRaTm1OcUYxTWlkM2M2bDJiaVZWTVlaRmNhOVVOekJET29KMFozZHpTdnAyY3lJRGJVTjJiaVJqV1YxbVp4Vm1SMFUzUXJSbk1KbDNLR3BYYlA1MmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/NatGeo_People_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", NatGeo People
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVG1aSGRvWmxSYWRqUXNaMmNsSlRheFFuUllwRVJScEZhVXBYU1AxbWR5aFRjaWQzTlB4V1VGbEZSNlpsY3ZFRE8yWm1jNU5ETkRSalp5ZDJOekYzWjQwR2N3SnpNNnBVT3lWMVEwUm1UMzFtWjJCblRVZERhWjltTkZwRmVzRlhRdXAyWXROM1Y1Y0hldmdXY2s5a1ZWaFVXdE4zUmhOV1VZZG1RejhTU3lJV2VTaG1lUzkwVXNoekxEUjNLb0ozTDJCSFRKbEhiMjhrV0hSWFcxbEVjeFVrV2xobk53eFVUd2d6YUVoalNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.xumo.com/v1/providers/provider/140/300x300.png?type=color_onBlack" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", People TV
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVHBkR2F1ZFViR1ptZTZObWNpVldhdjUyVGpGbFo1MUdiblpVVXdNalZyOVVacHBVYlVWM01KWnpidjAwZHlkM2FhdFNNb1ZGT1lKRWJyWkhXR0pEYnJJemRZVkVlVmwwVndOVU14VjJOTkZYWXhNbWVYaHphemxFYVFsM1k1RkZTUTVXVldGSGFXTlZhbHBFYlZCblM0c3lReUpYTTVkV1ZoaG5XazVtYTVsM1pTVjFRdWQyS3lSbFZZSmxNMjhtVzZsalkyb2tkQ2hEWnJoMVUwcEdPdlptVUhGM1oyRlVXeFpUYzJCSFNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/TLC-Logo_2016.png/800px-TLC-Logo_2016.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TLC
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHpjbmJMcGxXdkV6WXlSV2RoRnpWTlJIVnJCVGU1VjBhdFJGTUNabVk1VkZPc1JWUjNjWFIxRUVXUDlrYTJNMkwxUUhlcEYxTmFaek1qSkhUREJUV1hsM1pQUkVVdmxYWjFaM1l4WmthcTFHVjJvV2JSdHlkeGRrUjR0aWRwWm5jTEZqVzJKWFJwdGlTdUoxYVk5Q2QxZ2tUb1JXTjNJM1p4czJac1ZYT3ZVMmRQNWtRSmgxVXF4R1dUeDJReGhHZXdBM1F2c1dhSFZIWkVaRmFyRmxaMFZHVHBkR1RIcG5XNWNqYnlFWE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/677-6773173_tmz-logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TMZ
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OelpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVHV4MGFPeEVaSDkwTXlWRGQ1UUdhS1JYY0ZSbFo1STBicmdXVDFoSFc2bGxjakZWYzJjSFVPVnpaNGNYYUk5V1l0RlZRbmhuUVNKbmRLTjNOdTVrU094RWM0Y0VTQ0ZuZTRGbVpCVnpheUJuU25kbWFHaDBaUnBuVnFkWE15QjNWYVJrZFlKSGJyWW5hdTFHYWhWVWFTQjNMcWhXZDF4MlUwcDJWcjgyTURKVmR3c3lMd1pFT241R1RyWTBia0JuU3ZFV1JTcEZjYUYyY2tobU0xbFVRd0YzWndjM1V6Y25Vd0JqY1JkVVJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Travel_Channel_HD_Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Travel TV
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVGFwMWQzb1ZZVEpGTTU5VWNtVjJOUWRHV1doelRvQm5jcmgyYXBKbFYwTlhXbmwxWTVkbk5oQkZlWmxqZExCblJCSkhidnAyY0RoVWJhZG1adkFWZVpkWGVDMTBSMElIVW5aMFR4SUhNd0lIT1FWVFVVUm1ibFpqWXZsa2Q1WldTM04xYnNsblE0aDFMelFIY2lCMVlRdENieEZtZTFCbGRTcDJVQ0ZVYjJRR2FJeEdNd2tUV3ROSFVOWmxkeWtXTkxKM1QwRlZkalJVV09aVVJ1VkRWR3BVUzVoSE56UnpaM2gxYkpkR2VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/wf-logo-260nw-589562555.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", WF
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyMW1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVHhkSGJTRkZOcmdITTBaRWFJRlhRbnRtYURWMEs1aEVkcFZXTUt4Mk02bFdjbmxYTnpnM1Mxa0ZlNE1VZHRaSFNZSjFMMTkwY1hKWFoyc21iRGRWUzBGemNoVjFiMVIxYXRSM1VWMVVNcGxXV2paM2N3a0RhVEYyTHl3a1IwVlhjS2RUUXlWSGFtcG1XUXhFYlZOWFRVMVVWMVozWXI5U09CbDNjRFpVV0VSSGFKaGxSNFlIVzFkMk0xWTJSeFIzZHdObGEyWlRjb1ZWY0Nkbk55TnpLNGRVZHlsbVRSdENidmhIY0U1RVRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i2.wp.com/actionsportsmusictv.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/XcorpsOPENgfx2.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Xcorps
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGRmJCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVHV4RWNPeEVaSDkwTTJWRGQ1UUdhS2xXY0ZSbFo1SWticmdXVDFoSFd0bGxjakZWYzIwR1VPVnpaNGNYYkk5V1l0RlZRNmhuUVNKbmRLbDNOdTVrU094VWI0Y0VTQ0ZuZW9GbVpCVnpheWxtU25kbWFHaEVjUnBuVnFkWE0xQjNWYVJrZFlwSGJyWW5hdTFtYmhWVWFTQjNMd2hXZDF4MlUwOTJWcjgyTURKRmV3c3lMd1pFT3Y1R1RyWTBia2RuU3ZFV1JTcFZiYUYyY2tobU14bFVRd0YzWndnM1V6Y25Vd0JUY1JkVVJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Amazing TV
http://?NFYxWmlWWFF4OW1ReWRtWURsV2JOeDJWdlJEVHU5bVRoZGxiVGhYUXhjVVlVQjFhT0YxYkVKRldvTkZieFFHUlZ0bWUwVTFUYU5qZHBObmUxOWtWcFZFTklWMFZwbEdicGhUYXdWMGNxTlRUNVkzVHBsa1ZYNTBWa2QzWVJWSFpJSkhkRUpuTndra1l3VnpkV1JtVFAxMmRGRldleVZHYTJ4a1ptSlRNc2RUZUZGWFcyb1dhWDEyVmlKSGNCRkZicjhVZTBWMVl5VVVRbXRHUkhsRFQ1SUdkeWsyYjM5bWFvaFZkVlJUWlNobU4zazJaa2RIY0dsRFN5WWtNdzEwYkJWMlF6bEhkNEFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Anal
http://?NVYxWmlWWFF4ZG5ReWRtWURsMlpOeDJWdlJEVDE5bVRoaEZkbHBtUTRjVlpZRjNieU5FU21OVk10WlhXVjVrTjExMks1czBUNjkyWjVCVmM0TjJLb1pFZDJnblR6dDJWeGtEVUt0eVpQTkdkT1YxUnRwR01YeFdiWmhHT3ZZbVdqVjJkaGRVVDRNVFR6TmtkamRrZVY1MmFWNTJSSkJ6ZFBwWFMxUkhTb1JYVzZkSGMwbG5UbXBtYmtkVmFMaDJLSHBVVHBKalVSTkdkeFJYT3M5RWNIVm1lV2QzTnM5R1d4MW1XalZUTVdCblR2UjBUeFkzYUJKRWFUOVVhdWQzYklOWGNCWkhldmxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Big Ass
http://?clYxWmlWWFF4Vm5ReWRtWURsV2VOeDJWdlJEVDA5bVRoRkdNbEJIY3l0MFEyVjFiWVYzY0lWMUtyOWlWd2NIVWpSWFR5aEVPdE5rY1oxa2RHZFZOcUpYUUxoM1pYdEdPVVZUU3ZOMlo0SURXTEZGU25Kall5RVZSMElYWkZKelozOUdkck56YkR4MGN1QlhaMzhrVXB4R1VUWnpSbFJEYXl0eU5pOXlhMUZuY1ROMlpZRjNOM3NrWUVSamVNZEZaQzVrZHU1V09qUkVhSmRYYXZSVGFXRkdhcVZuVXFaalRxcEhlTEpUUzFsSGI0d21hVDFVYVhSM1RyVTJVcVIyTGpKa1lyOUdaNFFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Big Dick
http://?clYxWmlWWFF4Tm5ReWRtWURsbWFOeDJWdlJEVHc5bVRoRkZTenBHZTJWVlRuTjJjTXQwS3pNSFI2cFVWU2wzUTFVSFJPbEZUQ0ZVZEtGRlUxcDFTelJXTlZwa1JYcEhVYWxIT08xVWQyWkVaS1JuYTRGMWJ0OTJjUWRXUXhaR2RXSnpiMGNIUkNSbFdxdFVlQlptV3ZzMlFYZGtaNDUyYTVSVFlXaFdPNlIyVm1oMVJGZFhWNDQyWmloVmJhUjJONTkyYnhoR2FHQkRjTTVtWURSMFNsVjNjM1FFYUR0Q1Z4aFZkeWdGVHhNM01vRkdkbmgzYUpSV1lMWjBZeFZXUlA5V002ZG1XamRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Big Tits
http://?dlYxWmlWWFF4ZG1ReWRtWURsR2VOeDJWdlJEVDE5bVRoRldNdDEyZExSa1ZZMWthV05HTWtGa2VwRlViemRtUXExR1UyUldSTXhFZUhsbE53bzFaemxWZXpvWFcxVjNLQ2xtYURaSGJSaDFLMzVFTnFkMFF4UkhUNVpIT3lBVFk0OW1iUWRVZHVsVFR4RlZicmNYV2p4R2NWbFZXVkZGZHJsV2VtRjJRcGx6U1BKV2JWVlhWeE5tYTVFMlo2QlRUM2hWT25wMVNZWkhacklITjVwRWQxQW5kNGdrYnpOWFZ0VjBLMFFVYUN4bU5KMTJZcWwwYUZWbVpZaFhZME5XWlNSblRITm5RbGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Blonde
http://?c1YxWmlWWFF4Um5ReWRtWURsbWJOeDJWdlJEVHI5bVRoUkZjVGhtUUN4RU5yRjBjT1p6ZER0eVk0cGxianQyVjJCSFNCWkhNTnBWZFdWVGVHVlhhemhsYTVka014Z25VckpYV2lsSGJ6OFVTbGhsZDZoSGVJMWtldHgyY0VSRFZLOVVkR0JuVFBOMmRzNTBMRHRVVHpjV011cDNRUXBYYXJSMmN6QW5aNVZqYnR4MEtLMW1VaWh6TEZCbGR4RTFWYWhVYnVGM0s1QjFac0pYT3VSRlVEbGtlcEZEVm1WVWUxVmpRM3RTUXI4V1J0Smxjb3htZEhCRFQ2aGpRdlJGV1JkMVlUTkhTSUZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Blowjob
http://?dlYxWmlWWFF4cG5ReWRtWURsR2JOeDJWdlJEVHM5bVRoVjJLemdHZTZaMVN4MDJib1owUlI5RWQxOUVOd1kwWmhKblVJZDBONWhXY1Jkek1RVjBRNTFFTXo0V1czWkhWRnhXV01obmQwNDJScHBFYzJKVmF5bzBMeEFIUlhOVE1NUm1ieVVHWm5WMlFvVlVZMW8zS2lKbmJQRnpWTUJsY3Jja1dvbGxOdlZqTjRoMlRQMW1SNWxGWjBORmMwZHpiNWhYVzJwbFJ2OENSUEpYVnlsR1o2OTJieDgyTG5WMmMyUmpjdVJuUjZwWE5yRkZXM1VuYnZrV2FTaDBidGhIZDFObVVUQm5ZVVZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Brunette
http://?MlYxWmlWWFF4aG1ReWRtWURsMmFOeDJWdlJEVDY5bVRoVldXenBuY1p4R1RETmxibXAxUWt4MGFyUm5SS2xWTXlnMmJyQkZhNFZrY0VwbFVqSmpUM3BXWlBoMllscEdSdzEwWXA5VWJ2aEhiMVYyWXNSbk4ybFdOMmxXWlFSVWJOOVNiTkpYU3lvRlMzQlZWRVpWUVpkV1pxUjBUWWQxYndSVGRvUldjcGhIWlRKMmEwd1dXVVJtZFZWMmFCaEdhd0lEVnpSblZoRkdXaWQzVDZkRFpXRmtlaE5qYXFCRGF2dGlZT3BIY2FCbll3ZFdZblpqYktCSFdpaHpWM1JHVWhkbFp5dDJVT2RXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Compilation
http://?PXNXVm5KV2RCRlhkQ0ozWmlOVWEzMUViWDlHTk1sMmJPRm1Wc2QyZDRGM0xqZFRNbk5WVnVwa2RpbFhVR1pWV2hCamRxSkZVekpGVnFSMVV5Y1RRUVJYVTNZak00Tm5lR2gyVlJaR2U0OUdTQnBVYUtsR1RxOUdhb05EY3MxbWUzVkdiMk4wWk5wVmVvWkhhVjlTTzJ4VWVJTkRkM05qUTBCSE5XTm1SeWNuTW1OWGR5bEdjd0ZtZTVSV096aG1SNWdHTkhsV1RrTkdWYU4xYkc5VVIxUURhemxUZGhWMk5xcG5VTUZsZFM5aWJtbEVNRlJUTXlKMVNYaFhSNGgyS3pjMmQzcDJjNFJrYXlBVmJ1cDJTMEVXY01KSFp0ZEdObFpFZGxsa04yMEVU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Cuckold
http://?MlYxWmlWWFF4Vm5ReWRtWURsMmFOeDJWdlJEVDI5bVRoVm1Xd2hHVkxKV05RUkdjclFHVW9oRVc0TjNLNmxtV1dwbVcwaDNNR3BuYmxkbWJuVmxXekpVVTZGVWNRdDJkTGhqVW5sV2FxWlRNbVJYZHVCM012Z1VlR2RYYk9abVJhWjJjb3BYU3BoRVM0dFNkMkpITXcxMk13SUdPakpWYTBoalp2RVdZNkp6S2FOak00MFdRd2MzYTRObWM1ZFVjNVZtVTVKM1VYbG5NM1FuUjVKM1JKTjFaeG9ITndzeVZuWmtVVVYwU1RobVk1UjNZczVrYnJnSGFUVlhWeWRrY1RORVZHRkhka2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Fetish
http://?d1YxWmlWWFF4MW1ReWRtWURsV2NOeDJWdlJEVHA5bVRoWjFSMVlITjFva00xOEdhS1oxUmhSR1dybEVaREZGWlJkSFQ1QjNjTDFFYXJwbGVuWmxUdFJsUWFGbWJuOTJRUFZVZXJkMWN2a1hWaWxrVzRCbmNVWmxaelpIZXVsM2FhUkZlQmhtZDBjVVV1QkRPWGgzS3JkbllocEZXVGRHYTBRWFpKdGlWenR5UW1Ga1R2ZzJjcXAxZFJWamE1RW5UMWhXWjBSblU0RmtaaFZIVzFWRlptRkRjNFlXTVdoMmQwRmxjT1ZXZVZkWGRTSmpkSGxsYnN4MmRFZFZOd0puYUZGR2EyWm5acmNYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Gangbang
http://?MFYxWmlWWFF4cG5ReWRtWURsV2NOeDJWdlJEVDI5bVRoVlZZS2xuYUJkVFV5VlRkS1YwUmhoalZ4ZFhWd2NFVDA0V01qRmtlMXMwY0N4MktKOVNjeHBGTVBoRlJyd1dkRlJXTTBJSGVuQlZjS0ZETW5kSFZ4RlhlWGhtTlpsbVlQRlRjVE5WVjFoemE0WlZlVVZWZXpZM1VURjJRYUJ6WkkxVVlORlZUcGRYTTJZRU9OWlhZc0ZUWWp0bWV4OUNONWhrUXB0RU1sdFNPd3NHYjRJRlVyUkVlendXWW9WVU5vVldUSVpqVlM1V01TUldSWFZXYk1wMVZ5aEZNMUpsYjBwMmNwdFdlM0VWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Gay
http://?cVYxWmlWWFF4aG5ReWRtWURsR2VOeDJWdlJEVDQ5bVRoVjFMMzhtVVVWbFpKcDBkd3AzU1BGWE42MTJUVDVVV0U1V1RhaEdTMmMxY1VkR2J6YzJWekpHVnN0U1E0Y1dUb3BHVm1WMmRGTkVXTWRXUzZaamRzcFhjTHgyZDE0MFJ6OVNlTE5WTno5Mll2aFdaS0puZXNKbk1xVlVZbGxVYjRzU080a0hVNTUwTFVWRGV4bFdTSUZFVkxka2UxWXpkR1YzUnI5Q09LdGthUjltWVlaa2JrZFRhRGhYWjRkVmM0aG1jaTUyWXpBblJpVjNOS1ZYZU9kM1MxbERSeTEwUXQ1a2N2MTJOdUZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Hardcore
http://?M1YxWmlWWFF4OW1ReWRtWURsMmJOeDJWdlJEVG45bVRoVldZU05YWU5GVlZCRlZiekZFVm5GWFl1cEZVMGsyVEVoR2NHWlRXRjVrYWlsRFV3TTNReVZGVTZKblMwTTNiS3BtVmhwa2QwcFdaNmhGVHVWWGJ4NUVjMlFuV281bVNNeFdlYWxWY3lGRmJ5WkZXdGhVTjFzV2VEMTBTUFozY0ZKV2N5VlVhMHBXUTFFa1ZabFhRVk4wUVZWbGNIUjJSSmREVG5WbmFCQmxTTVpIU0lwMGN2dG1hT0ZXTWtsbk40VjNkNFZqTnNkblNTcEZTc2xqZHdGbFZRTmtSMlJHYk1WRmNVbFdNbE5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Interracial
http://?PU1YVm5KV2RCRkhhQ0ozWmlOVWFyMUViWDlHTk1sM2JPRjJWd0VGZVFOVmFWRkRScFZYWk9wbU1ESlhaRk5YVjV4MGJIdEdjeUJ6YXdoRmJoSmxVNlIzWXFCRE82WjNiM1JrVlZOME00bFhXUlZXU3lnR2RXSnpZeGtqZDJ4MmJNVkhjeTkyZDBZSFVpaDJTb2RGVkxaVWREbEVVMWxrY3ZOVVRYbFdPTFJuWVRCMVpCTldhd3NXVjBnRlR0RkZPNXBHVlBOSE13TjBSdmdFY0o5VVVXeEdlb05HTlBCMVJwcDNhcWgzTEY5MmQweG1hSkZ6Y3UxR1Y2SnpRMDVXYVRsVFl3TVRhMzFVUlBKbFVuWjFjM3MwTktGblZhVmtiVE5qYTRsWGR5STBZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Latina
http://?eVYxWmlWWFF4MW1ReWRtWURsMmNOeDJWdlJEVHU5bVRoVkdjcDUyZFVoRFJ0ZFdkbnhVU0VwV09uUmtWMFFIVmlwM2FJTlVad2hIY1ZOelNGVlZPdmRVYjBWMkx0aFhkMk16UnAxbWJCWmxjQk4wTW9aVmNscFdPMWttV2lSMlVWbGxiMEZIUzFFRFY2RkRVMlZXV0Z4bVNFNWtNVHhXZUhsRFRHaEhiM3RVUXpFM1NSNVdWakIxYndZVmFtSldZcUIzWXJSRVR3aFhhRUYzWXFKMGR3VUZiaE5uTkV0aU4wQmxWQ1ZGVHZsblVadDJkTXBuZXFWRVdNVjBVdFpFT0pKbVRxZEdPaE5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Lesbian
http://?eVYxWmlWWFF4Tm5ReWRtWURsR2FOeDJWdlJEVHI5bVRobGxZc2gzVXpnMU56WkZjMkJGVjRwVk8xZDNad05uYllKWE1HaHpVek1HYTBGVmNERjBSMHQyTkV0U2JNTlhleGRVUTBka2VOZEVaSEZtUXdGRE81TlVPRXgyYms5Mlp0WjJieFpsUU1kRVY1QlRSMGtsUTE5MmNvZGplTEIxYnRCMUtaUkRSM1ZqU1dkak16QlhOeVlXT0dWR2NWQkRiWkp6YTRWWGU1SW5acU5IVHdKa2RrWjFjdmdWTVBOa1N4VjNSVFZWVTRkbmFDcFZRdzVXYldKVE1VcEdVMFptVUJCblZabEhiejFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Live Cams
http://?M1YxWmlWWFF4cG1ReWRtWURsV2ROeDJWdlJEVHg5bVRoZGxiVGRYUXhjVVlVQjFaT0YxYkVKRlczTkZieFFHUlZkbmUwVTFUYU56WnBObmUxOWtWNVZFTklWMFZwQkhicGhUYXdWMGRxTlRUNVkzVHpsa1ZYNTBWa2wyWVJWSFpJSlhjRUpuTndra1lxVnpkV1JtVFBkM2RGRldleVZHZDJ4a1ptSlRNNWRUZUZGWFcyTVhhWDEyVmlKWGFCRkZicjhVZW9WMVl5VVVRbVZIUkhsRFQ1SW1leWsyYjM5bWF2aFZkVlJUWlNGbk4zazJaa2RuZEdsRFN5WWtNejEwYkJWMlF6dEdkNEFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", MILF
http://?NlYxWmlWWFF4Wm5ReWRtWURsR2JOeDJWdlJEVDY5bVRoRjJVU2xuUnd3MFFLSkdjNGN6U21CVFRwRjBaMjVtTldsblpIdDBUTTFHYjJ0MGNadGlWNWRuTmhaM1l4QUhlSk5ITjNrMWROVm5TVjlXVHIxVU5IdENVRkIzTk1oRFowRUhhdjBrUkkxMllvUnpidlVIVkxwR2N3bzNLdnBWZGs1VU1CTkVleEpWTXhsbFV5bzJUclVrU3daVWNMOW1NWTVHTXRWMlJUcEhSemMyVkQ1MlNxSkRjNUJ6UkhKbFo1SldRVnRpV1dCM2MzWkZSamQxZFYxbWVDbDJWemxtYnpkMFk0c1daeGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Pornstar
http://?d1YxWmlWWFF4bG5ReWRtWURsR2FOeDJWdlJEVHI5bVRobGxidTlXU1pGRmNUbEVhUVZGU0V4RWNuaERiMTBFYzBVWE9WbHpacFowYnhjelRyZ2xOeEpIZHRsM01YSlhXWnRVVHZKVWR6RmpWUkpqV3lGbllUUkRhdlEzWUZGbWVNWjJhd2QxTTUwMk5yZGpSTHBXYlRGWFkwb2tNV2xHZGtobll6TWpVb1YxTkhSbFp2RkhTVkpHU0JSSGNMVlVTcDVXWW9ablROeFVVblpYVTZWV01vbGphSk56UXJRVmI1Sm5UcFZFTjE4V1lNVjNVS2hYYnM5R1J6MTBkMlJXYTQ5Q1d5RjNhRmxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", POV
http://?blYxWmlWWFF4cG5ReWRtWURsR2NOeDJWdlJEVDM5bVRocGxkMkFIVjZObmJqeEdiSGhGY1cxa1p2UlVTSFp6UVpCbld6a0hkdVZ6WnlOMFVySXpRME5GZHB0bVJCbG1jMjRHY1NKbWVSRlZjdHBXYW54VWUzOFdZS3htVFIxVVdCdFdiNXBsZFRsVmJ4aGpOSTFtUm1oR1cxRUdTd0pEY0JSV091cDFNMWxGWjM5VWR6cFdOeVJtY0dCMWRtbG5RWFp6UXRkWGRTMVdidzAyVGtWME5IWmxkMU5FVHk5a1RwRkVPU3RDV0t0MlNEWjJab3BsZTNWR1JHUm5TMzFVWkVaV2J3bEdWeWNYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Rough
http://?d1YxWmlWWFF4Sm5ReWRtWURsMmFOeDJWdlJEVHE5bVRoVmxUeWcyYjBNRFZ0NUdkWlYwTDZkRFZ5Wm5laTkyS3ZnbVIybG5NT0prZGpCVmJrQkZUNjVtYzU5MlZ6aDJLWkYwZFN0V2NKRldNemdEWm9CSGNxbFZNWXQyWndORVUxaFRlTFZHWm1aWFU1TjFUd1luYXFwbVJqMW1RQ3BXZTJFRlRqVjFMeUZYUW1WRVJJaEhVQ1JVVk9aRWJsbEZXSUZuYXJWemMxNTJhNFpIV0tsMk1VVkVlRGRHUkNobVd3SlhZcUpUYm9ObmNoUjNaaGRXYVloRVpvVlZOdXhrZVJKVVVaVm5NQ2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Russian
http://?b1YxWmlWWFF4bG1ReWRtWURsR2NOeDJWdlJEVHM5bVRoSm1NbE5uYzVwa1NyWm5jMWQwSzBZRlR6Qlhla2xtY0RaWFZ4TWxja0ZIYjNJR05NSkRVMzlFV3dOM2MxVkhWeU5sU2FSbGVTaFVReVJsWTJSalFHVmtNeG9IVk5GMVF6VUZkbFJuTXRSMUt0RkRPekUyU2sxV080TW1leDlpYm90RVp5Y0hlcFJuZXVkMFpQaDJLVXBrVng4Mlo2UjNMWFYwUzVablRUSlVjVlJuTTZOalUxb21hMElFTXdKRmRvNUVhS2xHZEsxV09tbGxXMFZEY3pkM01rZGxkbkoxYkxCbFdrWjNWSFZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Teen
http://?clYxWmlWWFF4bG1ReWRtWURsV2NOeDJWdlJEVHU5bVRoVjFMV0ZIUnI5U1NTMWtjcVJXZXlRbU55ZGxjUjVrY1RWM1owa1Vhdk5IYVFWVWQxUjFhcXAwVlFoSGQwRkhXWGh6Y3JnMWF6VmxSdmdrTnBwVWUyaG1UM0JYWk54VVZ6RTNjS3BrZVBwMFpuVlZaVHBYZXZsM1lMTlhWVlYyZHlBM2J4VVVieFJrYnhNektUbEdhU2xXUUZKVGRUMW1kbkYwTHJWVFo2QmpUcnBIV0twR1Z4dFNjeGN6WVlGRGRwTkRPTWRtZUxWM1VSVlVRQ1pWY1ZOMlQzcEhVMkZGYVRaa1FROTJRaDlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/be-gamble-aware-gamstop-18-logo-png-png-image-transparent-png-18-png-820_594.png" group-title="Adult Channel", Threesome
http://?PWdYVm5KV2RCRkhlQ0ozWmlOVWE0MUViWDlHTk1GM2JPRjJVRlIwY3dORlNsVjJaMEptYjRkblFoNVdkNXAxTjNvMGRFbEVlWXRrWXhWR2MzQjNObmhuVXRCSFU2VjBjNVpHZG9wMmFuMVVXVFpGVWtsR1RIZERSQjlTZE1GRGFPVkRkek5GVnpCSFZRTlhjT0ZIZUd4bWRJWlhVdE5HVHNKME40OUNaMk4zVTRra2UwVW5kNWdsTUY1bWRweEdPeUUzWXhkM2I1UkdaRGQwY0tGVFF6ZFdPdHgyY1RsRlRINTJib3hrYTRjVGJIaEdNWWRUVnBwWFI0cDFhMmgyUjBVWGREWmxlb1pFVndJVE41NWtTTHAzWjJvM1owQVZaejEwWk45eVZ2b1hl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/AXN_Logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", AXN
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVER0U2FyUVZiUjUwVXQxMlNQeFdUcTlXZTBaalZrbDBjMXBGZVJsVU0zaFVjRGREUm1oR1o0OWtiQ3RFYzVFV1VWSjJjdXAzUVhaRk53VjNUUGRXT3F0MGRXcEZWb0oyVjJKVVJoTmxXaHRHVnBsamRaSm5lNk5GVTRBelJyVmxWb3BGYWFWbk51RkdPM1FUYWxoRWRDZFhSdmRuY1VSMUtDUkhXNVJVWUN4RWNXaFRjU2huV3dSME4zRUhPM29XV05SME5ZSkZhaTkyTU1wMFluUmtScnBIVGgxR2R6SUZjQmQzY2xwRlpuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/AXN_WHITE.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Axn White
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmhYUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHhFM2NWTm5ReUlVZXZ0MmJFdENNVEYzU3hnbVRIWmxjeUl6TUo1bVUzZGxRbUJUVzN3bVM2dGlTMVZuZVBaMmJzRnphMTkwY0NOM2F3bFhiNDh5TVR4bWE0TVhPbmRET3VkM0wwTlVVUk4zZGhoV1dDTlVlbEZFTXYwR2U0cDJhblYxUjVJM0wwc2tZTTlFYmhaV2JWTjNhMU5tYnBCRGFvZDJWM29uWkhOMmExVmpWUzUwWnFwRmJGQkZOd2NYTmtSa1F3Y1ZkQzlrTml4RWJwSlZWWUYwVnpZM2RaRjFheFkzZFJOMWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Blue_ant_entertainment_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Entertainment
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTjFCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVE1KM2NaWjBjb1YzTXpsVlRhRjNWUlYzZGt4a2RaWlVhRVJFT0hWR2IxcFdVRUpHT1paSFN2UXpaekZsZVNkblZJbFZSeGRWVHJja2RRaG5ZMDlVVjVOV2IyZ1ZNd1IzU3RWMlNyRlhaeGduZU85V1NpVkVkakpEVjVNRVIxUjNVQlZrVXdjWGJMeFVRMEFWZXpObmFucFhZdEJ6Y3VGRFMzQUhaUGxIUldOR2I1aEdWUWxrUnVGVVlOMVVjMGNuTjFVbFVoRm5iclZEVEZsa1JzUm5iUU5VUnpzR1RSVnpheGdIZU1SWGNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Blue_ant_extreme_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Extreme
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVHROamN3eGthNG9WWjBKRU01QTFkVnBtTUdSMlR6NDJkNEJ6VHdWekxzUkdXSWQyYjFzMllxMVVWMk1XYTRsVmVZRnpLMlpYYVB0V1EyWTNVb056TFhoRmEwOVdUUFJqTnVoalJ6cFdka2hYVm9CWGJMeGthV3hFT085RVd3QlhPdGhHYVBwbU5JNTJLbEpXZWtObVdGbDNWdzlDVG5sRFNKZG1hWlJ6Tnd0RWVZbFhkSGRsUzRWalZvdGlSeGczUldkMVNyTjNkdVpqZDA0R00zSkhWVlZsZFNkWGQza0hTeGdYY1JKbVJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVE1wMlpQbG5TUEJ6SzM5VWJpVmpaTGRuVVJWRWJCaDBhTlpWVFQ5a00wTkZhbHBrVFdWSFVWUlRjMkFsZUpSbmM0OEdXeTkwWURkbmE0NDJZeVFWTkJaRWF0TkZOek1HU29OalcxOTBMcnNtYjVja1l6NGtidmxVTnBwbVlxaGphelFUWlRSWGJFOTBSaVZtYjJ4MmJobEVlMjFrZHhrVmMzQVhNeUZHZUdGRGF5RmtOUWhsVngxV09UbERUbGxXUzAwV1pzSkVjTUJ6VVJaVFJxWkVaSlpGV0hwblRNeFdiVmxIZExGalMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/Comedy_Central_2018.svg/3543px-Comedy_Central_2018.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Comedy Central
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnJCVk9XRlRSblJYUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVENwMmNxaEdaM3hXVnlSVWRabDBZMWRHY1ZKa1pLVmpiekpYUjVoblY1RkRUbXRHZFROM0t0RkRTeUZXZTBrR1d2dG1TcGRsWmloV1l4dG1RNEpqVDJBRGNvNTJSbmxYYXVCbmQ0WTBhMTFHYngxMkxveDJkUWxEUm9obVFyaEhlVXQyWmk1MlYwWWtRa1JtYkZSVVkxQUZWNTkyTmpsVVZLSjNMbmRtWTRwbGFrNWtWMGsyTXVkRmRwTmxRcmhHTjVKblJ3Y21iMFpXU1NGbmIxSjNUelpIWmwxbWNrdHlZWXhXZDA0bVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/cw-logo-png-transparent-cw-logo-png-image-free-download-pngkey-the-cw-png-300_188.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", CW
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyaG5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVExaamFvRldiRGhEUjZwblcwUVhReFpuZUlGR2RyTWtka3BWYTJ4bVZ5TkRkU1JHZG5aSE90bDNiUEYzWjA5aVZsUkVaMU4xWnNoRFdGQkhkckJ6UTJnWGUzQURURTlHVzJWbVR2RjNZckFYYVY5MlY2bGxjd1UzYVZWbWJ6UjNaWFpqWXlWM1MyRUZibnBsZDBJMlFGTldicHBXZW41RU8ya25VS0ZEVW1GVGFFcG5jRmhqVTV0Q09VRjJkdmdHWjZKWGVwSlZlNVlWUlpsVE0zRm1XMjRtU0xoR2Fya1dWU3hFY2tKMVFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Doma_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Doma
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVGxoV2FrZG1aWDEyVHZGRmFSVkRSMkpIVDVjblV4NFdiSXR5UkxkSGVveFdkc3BYZHR4MlJHNTBkM0VtYnJKblNYVm1Wc1JETVg1VVNCSjNMdHRHZEVWMmFvTlhRM0kzVHdSMlVzVmxUWU4zTnk5bVV0SldiTkYwVUdkalIxTmxkNlZHWjF3R1NWWlVOanRXYjVnM1Y2TkZjeUJ6Um5GelFyOG1TTzltYXI5MFpUcEZkRGhuVjFwWFFFSjNTTjlXVlFwVWVIaEZjUUYyZE9kall1TjJhVHRrWXFoV1pXUkVVSEZHYXhselUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.sat.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DubaiOneTV.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Dubai One
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVDNwa2VHaGplVWxVYTROWE4xZG1US1IzVW9GalNHcEhlWVJVUkpKelpydHlVcFZsVGxwR09ybDFZRmwwYXRKa2U2UkVOdGhWTkRKVlRRUkhkWGhWY0RkRWVrcFZkMzlXU29WRlRLUkRjUk5IVVVwVVlZVmxlaEJUTW5SRFd5SnpZeWxWTjUwR1I1OW1lTUZrZGp0a001SkVleGRXYkNWR1ZRcFdNM0pIVW5SV2UxRWtjVU5IWjRkVVQ2QnpTSFpIVTJZbWNZZFRickYwYW1OVWMxQjNkb0p6SzJvSFdsSmtlemRXZGFaVmVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/9-99565_fox-tv-logo-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVHBsSGIzSm5WNEowU3pCM1JGaG1UTGhXU1l0Q1c2ZEdheVowYzBnblcxVkVOMk4zYWpaSGNhOWtWclZrYnlWamNRWlRVd05FZGxsME01MEdlVDVtYVNabGR3RkdTelJHVDJoMWNuMW1NaDVHYUhSMlZsRmxka04zY0VKbWVzaHpkS0JuYmlablFScEhPMEZtY0poVWFpeGtTNEZXWkxSRE1FTm5RckZXWlpkM2JraG1UcDFHZHNCMWIxdGlOb2RuVWFkVVlJNWtkUXRHT1NGVVFzWkhiR05YYTRWbmFtdFVTMVl6WlRORFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Fox_Life_pt_logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox Life
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGMWJCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5ONlpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVEJWMGM0Z0ZUb3RDUzZka1lVUlhWSWxuWXdnMU1RWm5hMlVGVnhrV1kyUkdjd2QzUnRSblFMRkROTUJIZHh3MGIwcDNNNkZsYzNVV1NsbDJZbnBHZU1Oa2FtUlZXemhXZDN4bWRYUnphbzFtYnlsMWFPUjNkTUIzUzRCaloySjFhTzUyUUpabmMxUlhlbjFXY3BKVVRRSldOcVZIYkNSM012RTNMbVJVTkZWV2VMNUdTQ3RTVDJSRGRWUldZTGhHZVRGRE9IUjFiSVJtYTFaVVcyWm5iSkYwYzJvbVQ0MW1Ub1ZuY0RCRE1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/FX_International_logo.svg/1280px-FX_International_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", FX
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbmRYUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVDBNemFrdFdNNUFYWTY5VVFuSkZTR0YzWndjMlFzaDJhNDEyTHdzeU13TkdVNlJIU3lrMmNoaGtZdkVtY21aR2FCRjBMNEZVVnZoamNIUm5lMjl5S0N0bWFOOVVlakpYZHhoMlIzUVRleTAyUnlBaldyTjBkbEpVUkNwa1l5bDJaWlZUUzNoWFVVSlZTUk5sY2xoV1I0WWxlcjVVVUp4VVd4azNaMk0zUTNzbWN1bDNOeGhUV3U1MGJzTldhVWxuY0ZKRFdHOVNkdmRsWUtCWFEyZFZSdkl6ZFJOWFc0RlhOM2xVZVFGMFNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/4_fun_hits.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Hits
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVHJZVmV3ZDBkNDQwY3Q5VVlCVmtOMEJYUjRNVFlpVjBheFJHT3FSbVp0aEVUYU5qUVZ4R1VWTjNidkozYndvblczcEVXM1pEY3BkVGNYRjNaU0JWVUVoVWUzQkRVM0FsTjR4MFpvUlhielFIYTFSbWMycEhhNFp6YXJ4VVd4SmxVcmNGTU1GblltdENNMHNpY0RGelY0SldhM1ZETVp4VVk1Z1dXRzFFT0R4R2VDMUdiQjFVV3J4bVZ2cFhUS3BYUXFsak1HaEVjSU5IVUdwV1EwQmxRMm8wVHo1V1JsNTBTdWRXYnNWbVozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OeVpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVFdwa2N4QkZkSlZGU3ROa1lZdEVWekVIY3pkMWMwRTBjTVJWTXNsa1NuUm5lRk4yVTBWWE42SlhXQ2xXZFBoRGJoTm1jd3gyTEhObU0wbG5ZdVpsVVMxbWMwc1dRTWwwYnYxMll5WlVZNU5YUWhWMGRFSlRiV0oyY2pGMVVvRmpXbXQyU3JaM1IzaGtRVXR5ZHFOM1VLNVVTemRqY2pGR2F3NW1hd01uTXdVbWNtdFdjdUpEVXpKV1FzcDBSc3RHVjJOMU5EVjNaMzBVWnZ3a1YzQkRSNGhUVHRWSFdtQmpUMHQyY3pFM1FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv3
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPcG1TMU5YVGtoa2JIVjNkUVZGYnF4R096a0ZTTWhHTlhoalRsZEhkcXhVTWlsVFdvMW1Nd1VVY1Q5R1ZSSkhjdlFXYkNoWFdMNVVVMGwwTEZSM0t3UUhTdWxsVzNNM1pwcG1VMkVEYnVkbGRxRkZTaGhuZHJRR2FhRjBabmRHZEdWMWF1OWllenNVWUwxR00yOEVVaGRtY1NSbE1PdFdSeWhHVkhwVlZDMUdSNW8xWlRObWRpaDJMeGduWno1a2FuVkRjQjlXYUpCamNhTjBhWWRrZDRGMVV3TmxWR0JGWmtaSE54Z1VRclEzYmlCVFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv4
http://?cEp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVFU1bWEwVUdjVlJqVXZSVVoyTVVkMWNHTlI5U05FNVVhc05sZDNnelNyaDNUd2tVUTVkR1JaWkhUNUZEYzRJV2FpcEVPNlZFVm5SbVFRcFdaemRFYTVoMmFHRjNUbjFrWXFGVlVzQkhNMjRHY1JCRFNXSlhkckpGZWpGMWJ1SmxZaVowTll0MlNKMWtheE5EZDVoSGJ3SWpiMlZETzZGWGVFcG5XSWxtZGh0MGNwdGljTEZ6TDR0aVVMOVdhckpYWlRGbGQ2RjNjS0ZuTmFaMFV2VjJhR3hrV3JrR2U1TVhadVpVY1BSa1UzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://media.loveitopcdn.com/5875/thumb/346x259/171127-logo-k.png?zc=1" group-title="English Movie Channel", K+
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGbGNCVkhiMjhFTjJCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pVZXVabGRKcG5OMlpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVHpWRWNDUjFSbjFVT28xMFVFMWtVSGgzYTU0MlY0WUdkejVHYlVOV00weEVVcE5HUjVoblJqbGxOcHhVZFl0Q093a1dhemxWVHhJMEttZG5kWFJIY045aWFycEhjbmwyVjZGSE0wQUhOQ2gyWUNCM010OTJicmRUU1dwbU5wUldUNU5YYVJwR1NFaEROeWNWZXIwMlFWWkdXdE4xYVNoMVlpQjNNekowZGx4VWFsUnphUk5HVXJWR1R0cGxhMDltUnZWVk9hNW1jcXhrYnFKR012UnpMeVFuUnM5V1dobEVjMWcyYTMwbWQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/082010/MBC_Action.png?itok=gyyxtxBl" group-title="English Movie Channel", MBC Action
http://?MEp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SkhjQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OclpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVGhaRmFMbFdOekozS3lOMFFMOXljNDQyYUhoVmRRNVVjaEJYVnRoR1p1QlZVRUZrUXJwbVM1SVdTckVVYnlSV1lTRlVhNWxuYU5aWFp3d1dPSTlXU1VCbGR0RjJLSDlrVTZkMk5TNTBNWXQyWVNSMlI1c0VlRUpXVHJRa2U0VjFTNlZqZXdKWE8yOEdVME1rZXJOV1d2aDJSeUpWT1R0R1ZzcEhaVlYwSzBsbWF2Y2thbVpYVDRWVmVJaFVZNHdtTnlRMVVoSm5jSmQzUlpWbVY2SjNRT3BsVHpwbU1DVlVhbTFrYTRRRmNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/136-1363813_paramount-comedy-logo-comedy-central-hd-png-download.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Paramount Comedy
http://?dEp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZxTjNaNGwyTlNKWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVHZ3a2JvQlhOVUYxSzJSMGFwRkdPelVYT3d3MmFqMUVlbGx6WXFWbU52eG1OeVFFZG9KWFNNQjFUM3NFYTRsSFNEZGtiNDlDZFZ0bVl2cG1iVjFrU0pWbWR0TmxVcEptYXlkbWR0aFdlc3gyS0c5R2E1VlhlM1pqV2lGMk13OW1WYUZIU1BKWFNWbFRVMnR5YjNJalVvcDJaMFpsVVhwRlIwQW5ad1YzUVZOVGF2bFVkazFVUW8xMGF4VXpSaXQyUzBnVVdPMW1heUpIUlRKVGIwMTJWRWhGY1ZCSGQ1ZDJNMXdVYU5SRlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/REN_TV_logo_2017.svg/1200px-REN_TV_logo_2017.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Ren Tv
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVDNzMGQzbFRjcFJ6UjZOMVJ6WVdhanBuUTV4MlUzZFdhMmtrVUpKR1pzMTBLM0FIUlVsSE53STNiVEJqYnhRRE5LTmtNNVZYUTU0MFF3RlhXMk0zVkVCRmRueDJZcmhrWm5wbVdSNUdTa2xHVkg1VVRabDJiM0ZWYkZwMkx2VlZNMVZ6YjFNSGN0SjBUQ0pHYWhsR1VGdFdOcEJsVjRFbGR4VW5ldTVXUjRVV2J4WjJReGhVY3Y1bVEwRWtheXNtWlVsa2FEMWtjMWhIWkZsMmQxMUdSbXhFVHhwblkxazNRdnBXZDIxbWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/tvfanon6528/images/e/ef/Sony_Sci-Fi_%282019-.n.v.%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20190821223256" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Sci-Fi
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVDB0R2RMbFdWQjFXTXZWbVE1UVhZdTFHZTY5RVY2aDBhdGxUVkl0U1NwVnpjcjVtUVNsSFdMRkVXNkJIYzRoM2I1bEVTNFZYUXpja2FqcFdkWnBWUXJGbWRJSlRRUFZGVjNWa1owSlhOMzRtWXowV1MyVUdkdnBGY0hkelF0cG1RMmdqUlZOM01yY1dRdmREZTJnV2NyZzFTeHBYZXVsM0syRlhNVFJYWXZsVGN2ZG1UQ1YzUjIxa2NJaFdXeFIzWXpsRWJ2Z2xiNFZtZEVwRlMzbFRRcjRXTm5wMlZZbEVVYUZEZFhSVFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://n.divan.tv/img/global_img/media_api/channels/b9861f5f/aa10a18d_med.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Turbo
http://?c0p6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNiQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVDNoVmNabGtRUU4xTXFobldUdDJUeHdHUlR0MFZJUlRieU1qTTFoSFd1UlVjM2xVY29oMlNJZFRWRE5IYzUxR1RaTkZhcGxWZW1wMFFCbDNjT2RtUWE1V2RRbDFLelVqWm5CRGRycGtaeDkyVTJvMmNwNVVjVWhGZHY4MEwzbDJiSVJVTnBoM0x3NUVPcjlFY1RWallsMUdXMkZXTXZsamQxODJheFFsVFpkM2NrWkVWaEYwVXlOVU9yQWxZVUYzVjEwVU9pTm1jMjhTWXdkSE4wZGtlWVYyUUVWbll5azJOQ3BYY0s1RWVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/Sony_Channel_Logo.png/300px-Sony_Channel_Logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony TV International
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGbGJCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPMW1TMU5YVHc0a2JoUkZjUDlVYXVsbFZvZGtOeTUyVDNkblNYaFZldGhuWnpNRFcwQlZkcE4wUUdsV2IyRlZidlFVY3Z4a2J3SUVWcFJHVTZCWGMyaG5OWnAzTXZGVmN1Sm5RcVpWVzZka1IzcGxaMGxtUTJVVlR1RmtiMlowVXFSVVd3Rm1OMEYzUkdwbllDbFVPNE4xYVVSSFdMeEVkMlZ6VnhaMU13QUhibkptVlhaamVYbG1ReFYwWjJabWVGSlhZVlpIZHBOR2J3a2tiNUZ6S2xkbFUyOUNhNFowVFZwbk02ZGtkd0JuYVloemJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/Spike_logo_2015.svg/1280px-Spike_logo_2015.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Spike
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTnpCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFY2TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVEtoVGN5QW5leVJVUTBsRWExWlVSUXAyUnlWamI1a0djQ2RGVExWRU5zVldlaWxHVEdKblV4UjFSMkFuZDRKME5sVjJMckJqWjVobVV6QW5hb2xuTXlFWGJaVlhlUzVFUzFCSFc1STNTdkFYTzFSRFoxSUVjaFJGTVlwRVVuOVNjdjlVYjBrblFQOW1iNVpYZU54a2QyY0hVckpUUjZSMk4xcFdTMUlVWWsxbWIxMWtkMWh6UXdsVVR3dGtjT2htUTFsRWF5dzBjbloyTmtoRmU0WlZVUXBGYjBkMlZFeFViTEJYZDFSR01uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/STAR_World.svg/1200px-STAR_World.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Star World
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTjVCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVHVabWIxbzNLMXBGZXdkWGJyRW5UVjltYzA0a1l2RkZlbXhXTk1ORE41NVdidGRHVTJNM1paaGtiWEZ6YlZwVlVZMVVZMlprVXJRRWEwUVhXMTVrYnpkSGVZZFhOeFJsV3paRVc1UkZiMmsyUTM4R1N2UURkM2tIVTJFVVl2TnpjMHcwWWFwV1dGZDJTcEpIZHcwVVRGdDBZM1IyWW5aWFEwVUhSRTUwUnJSVGNWVm5RR1pYYTBKbGV3Z0haU3QyZHYwa2N5Y2xlV0pUZUhGV00wUkVkdlozTjVwM1ExQURlVEZsYVRsVlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Syfylogo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", SyFy
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SkhiQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVFF0MGF1TmpZeDBVT3ZabGNQRldUeElYTVVCalI0VldkcUpXZGpCM2FvTjFSTGwxY1ExMlRRZG5jNlYwYTFnRmJQOWljcGgwY205U096ZFdXeVFIV3dVV2MyazJMRk5EU29sellsSlRSNUluY1kxMlVVVmtkSVZFWnpWM04xZFVhS1pIZFVaWFZCTjNTM3gyY1doV1kyMDJWclpIY09wVlRCSlhac1IwVXpkVmI0a0RkMGdHYjZoMmJNTkhkeHhXUXlVa1RNMUdiNFV6ZG1CVFV4ZEhOTFpXY08xbVdXZEhNUDVtYWhwRVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/a0/Thrill_logo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140607175204" group-title="English Movie Channel", Thrill
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbkZYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5OdVpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVE1SbmRsNTBjeThXY3lWMFRTZHpTMDkyVkJkVWQ0UmtjVFpqYm9SblRzRjFaMVVEZDNnV1VudDJWdmdYY0hGRFRYMUVVd0puUTF0aVQzaEdSUFJUTXl4V2RKVmpNWlZrYXJwVmQwUVZidHhtUVZKa1pvZEhidDUwYTJnbVNyNUVaRnAwVnR0MlFyb0VWRFZHYjFzR2FIaERSclpsZDVvbFJVQlhlSFJWU09sMmNPRlZUNjl5UXFGbGFPbFhjM2syY3JsRk42ZG1lYWhFZURCemI1cDJiemtXT1BwR096VTBRR2hXY1pKbWJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/TV5MONDE_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", TV5 Monde Asie
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGVmFCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbjVXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0owYnVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVHZKR2NteFVWVWRHTm8xR1RybFVVVTVHV09kMlp3dFVlNjlpWUZkelp4cGxjR0JUY2tWWFFxdHlTSGRHY3hGWGEyVVdVNUZHU09obVZHbFhab2hXWjBRbmFya1hWMUYwTDRSa01obEZOQkYzTElka2N4ZEhkU04wYnJjVk5zVmtXTkp6WnNWWGN3Z0ZXNVpUY05SMVFHMVVUMWh6VUJsMmExdDJTUk5sZXdoVmVJcGtiWWxUZW5ORlNrVjJaSlYzVkx4R09tVjFaQnBXWXJRMVVyeEdTNHBtU3loV2UzWVdkb1JtYWxWblMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRb0XBwp49K3GZ6DfRvKhle6OWogG_TR1nyyw&usqp=CAU" group-title="English Movie Channel", Usa WWE
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyOW1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVFVWRmFoUjNWSEZ6UTNsemQwSmtRUk5ITXlSVVVzNVVlSE5qVFp0U2NvZFVVUnhHYnBaWFN4Z0dkMlJEZXhJVlJIZDJNdlJUU0sxVWRvZG1aSk5sUUxwM1oza0ZUbmxqYXJWa2VyWm5ibEpIYndzU2F6VmpiaWhYTW9sR1o2bFdkSE5VUTBrbWI0STFNdVJWZHpzV1dOdGlRcEpqUTB3bVF1ZEhiNFIyYjFja2FKQlZTMkozU24xV1dORkVUcGhHTlNoa2VWQlhiVDkwZDRkamJ4RlZlTmRVZHdkWFlHSm5aWWRUZXRkVk1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/Warner_Bros_logo.svg/982px-Warner_Bros_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Warner
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyQm5lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVDBSbmJyNEdacE5IT29kMVFqaFZWaWhuUTBkVFFZZEZlb1ZUYU54MmN0TkdlYWwyUlhaM1JJbERUb2R6Y1Raa1R1bHpSMFpYVEdwM1V4dDJkRkYzUUxkV2EyMEdjdFJYWTQxVVNWOVdadnRtVHdFSE54WjJjVFJqVkhoekxySmxNQ1JWZUJwbWRFQjFiRU5VZVhOMGM1bFdWeVJHU3hJa2NYaDNjT3RrVUdaamEyNUVNUzVtVHRSVE1xSldPTjkyVDBvVWFyUkRic1prY3JZV1RxWkVaa1YzTTFZWE11aGxOQ0ZqZEdWak1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/732-7327906_zee-cafe-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0prYXVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVDRRM2RwZERiTlpuYW5GblZLWm5lNFVYYXlObFFqTlZjQlZXTlVwMGJuRldOd2NUT0tGWFdQcFhRQ1JVYTVRbFRtSlRPNFZXUlR4MksxNEdTVDVHTjFFRWM0Y0ZWelZqZTBOVlYxRjNjemxHZUtOemRNbGpjdlp6Y0hWRFRweEVPUVJtUnZsbk1WQmxSamhWYmpaMFozZG5NcjlpYXhJbVpWbEhPRFpGVm9ORmU0VjFTdmdVUXUxVVRhOVNlemxuUjVBRk9qTlhjR0JGVTR3RWNuVmpNc3htV0RsMlF3SjJLUVZVY3JSVVIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Aaj_tak_logo.png/200px-Aaj_tak_logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Aaj Tak
http://?PThHYWtoalQ0SkhkNk5ET09wWFNvMUVaWUp6YjVkbk5vTm1iRUZUZXhBWGJKWjNSMGwwTkI1VVUxbzJUeGtYUk1WemRZSjNOdmRtWjBSek1KQm5ONEVIU3JjV1lJaERkbkpuVHJkbWVweEVkeVJYTmlOSGMzaHpkM1ZrZUlaWFZhUldOd3hXY3JKak5NdDJUcUJGTTNRMWFrcFZUNU4yUnhGellpOVdXMEozVlNWV05sRkhlTDEyYXpoVWJuUldNWEZHTnZvR1R2bEVOeTVXYXUxMk5HRm5aNTkyU2pWa1FOWjNhREptY3hKSGRzTldleFZXTnlsamQyNFdUUGRYWUh0bU1wQkZid3RHZDE1R1p2UmtZYTVXZXYwR1VpOUVjNTUyYlBaRVJLZFdXeFJGYndNWFFyTUhWV0ZYUTRnR2NHbEdOb0ozY3FOVGI1ZFdZTDFHTkJwVVRIUkdjbFZsYktOR001cGxZdUZuVDR3R2Q0UkVUM0FuYXZkMVRRaHpWbjUwWUxSbWFhdEdWNWNVVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Abc-news-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", ABC News
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlM5V1lpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5ONVpXUmpOblpPUm5TMU5YVEhkVGNWOUVjVVoyVW5GWE1HaDNiT0IzVlpablphaDNidzBrVHhNVVkwRlZkRGRuWmFkbU5LZG5Vek5EZUJGa1RKTjJiM1JFVnJsa2NvVkhVM28wTVFoamVtWlZlQkJETTFaRGRMSlZjMEpYZUlOVVc1MDJhVDUwTVFoMU56QmxleEoyUXdVbmM0RW5lWUZIYU5wR1Z5UkhjclJ6TDV4R1RWeFdXNVJ6WTY5V2VFMTBOdmsxUnFaRWJFUmpkTjFXUnhWelpXWlRiM1JVWWpkV2RzdFNPNWMyVUp0MlRHTmpZaUZWYjRWMUszMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Mxm77nQ.png" group-title="International News Channel", Al Jazeera
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlMxV1lpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVE9GRWNKSjJRWlpuTnRWM05TOW1SbFJYYUZOV2FwZGpieU1qVFFORVc1cDJTdHBsUmlobmFKRm1Zc3BsZXU5Q2J0UmxXek56U1NORlJhWlhScWQwSzNremFGVkhab2hFTTBGRE42ZFhWWHgyTERoWFN2RkZkQlJtYnlnR08wOUdSTVJUTml4Mll5OVVPbnRTY2FoV1lYbDJUdGxVVEpGa1ZyTUhUMDhHVkh0R2EwVldlRDVXYzR4RVpsOWlOYXgyVDZsMUt0MVVieWQxTWl4bVV6WlhVdEowTXA5bVJvTjJTR0ZIYnBoVlczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9n02RJU.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Amar Ujala
http://?blYwTmx4R056dDJVT1YwUXlnRGJCWldkSjVFTndkbmJWWlRiQ0ZYT1VwblpKQnphT2hXWkhsMFMxeEVjYUJETnhjWFpzSm5URGhtY3ZRbVJWQlhNMEpXUTJOVlo1YzNMaTlHYnlKM2FpbFZWWkZuVHdGMFJwdFdiVmwzTFNGblR2WW1kbE5GVk9KM1kwRmxZUkpUWTVrMlQ2ZG1XR2hUYmlwMmFOcFhNdmxrYXZrMk1DcEhVNkp6S0NKMWJrTlVhWUoyVXpkRk5UNVdhWmRXUWtwWFZLVlZhTkYxVExsMk4wVjFjNFVXVnk4V1pHaGpjeE5IYXNaRFQ2TkhPMzUyS2paME02aEhkdFJIT1d0MlpDWm5hRFZYY3ZkWE9WRkZhWVJuUW5wbVRpQjFiMElVUkd0eVFzMWthWlJ6VnJOblFFWlhNMnBtYzM0R1czMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://edge01.iptv.digijadoo.net/static/arirang.png" group-title="International News Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tbivision.com/files/2014/10/Australia-channel.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Australia Channel
http://?eEp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SlhhQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVDBWMmFVaDJLUmxHYW5wa2VGaFhhYVZuU3k5ME5qRjBhemxYVWFCWFN4SjFTVkZqWVhCM1oxY0ZlUFpEY1NKVGVIVnpkcGxWVGxOWGI0ZzNSMmRUTVRWMGQzbGpNUlJFZTVWSFd1RmxabmgzS3p3R01vcFdieGtEVTNWbFN6UjJaVUp6UnlRM1QzWkdiaVZYZTBZbFlVcDJiMHAxSzRZak1ONUdhVDUwWm9ORmRIVnpkdGwyUnlKbFlHVlVWRmhXWjBwbFJxMTBkMk1WWnZFMmMxUjBNMUV6TTU4V1RhMUVkTk5tYXZBRFUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxBVq6Z.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC News
http://?M0p6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ3TjNaNGwyTlNkWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVFFOMWFEUkhVcmtuZHYxV1QyZFVianAyYXpBemRtQlRja3BGYTNGWGR3TlRaSVJITVNobVEyMTBVMmtVYnJWRGFya1ZhMFZuWUZwbk15VlhVRmxWT3pSVGFqTkhSRkpuVnRaM2J2cDBiUXBHTlBKbGV3TjNkWlZFWjVBM01udGlRSkpuVERkbVZ6Wm1hMWdsY1JWSFZGaDJkMkpYVURkRU94MUdPMFFsWjI5MmE0QjFicklYTzZWSGNKVmxVRWhXZWhaVFFUVkZkck1WZWhSWFZ0ZEVPWDVFTXk4MktHdFdOYVZIZGFORU1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/198-1985267_bbc-two-square-less-logo-bbc-2-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC Two
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnVCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SlhkQkpHVHZrRFZuTjNaNGwyTlNwV1lpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVEdkVmR5ODJTejRFU29kM1RXaFhVcnBuTlVKa1J2UUdid2hWZTZOWFJxbHpkUGhWWkpsV1d2Y2pNM1lIZHlKbFc0eDJMM1JXZEdWMUtwbG5OajVHYjI0R2FWeFVkMThtVTZKMFpTUm1aaHRtVm5CVGV2MVdiMDFFVVpSSE1xTlVOeDlrU2xCWFNsaG1lNWgxZHhWR2NrRjNZeUowWTM4U2F4aFhlenN5YURoRmFpUkhPS0Z6YjFSME1DWnpUd0JuVlNwbVMzbDJickVIYnlNbVV1UmtXUnRTWlM5MlN6VmtWU04zZHRCblZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/51/2019/08/og-image-generic-lp.png" group-title="International News Channel", Bloomberg Asia
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTndCVk9XRlRSbjFXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPQm5TMU5YVFd0V2QyUkRNTVZtTnhobVp0RmxiWjVtUVM1MGNUNUVhNEVXYVdoR091QlhlMGxtY2lsM0tGdFNVWGQzYzNWRk1pZEhhekpXUlhGR05ZTjNjelpIYjJrSGV0NUdOUDUyTXo5VVNMZFZjNnAyWXV0RU5sQkhheGhFTWs5RVZwcEVVRU56TEZkMk5yQlRUUzFXZHhGSGJyOWtkeU5tYzFNblVyeEdNaWx6TVVKM1pKWmtZNXdVVjVoemJwZFVVNUJYYVRORVdETldheUZETzFobVR3eGtRR1ZtZFZaM1R6c1dRSUZUZW5SemMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://calcuttanews.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/ctvnlogo-1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/CGTN.png" group-title="International News Channel", CGTN
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGVmJCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5OMFpXUmpOblpPeG1TMU5YVFhoMmNSWldOemcyUjZWbWRqQlZheW9YU09wSGI0WmplSmREVjBRVld2ZFZZTXBWU09kM1FYdG1VbGRXYXhFbWJCdFVadUZ6TTBRalRCcDJZUnhHY3hOSGV3UjJiYXBHTTJWVVFNRjJZUFZuUXlkMU5HTlVieG9FYXpSbFcwVkdhMFFVUTVvbmVGQnpLUFJrYnc0VWRreGtTdWhEY29kM0thZEhVSkIzWTJaWGE0Wm1XdXgwUjVkV1NuRkVhd3dtVHFwSE13VVhhNElYYWhaa1l1WkdUYXRHTlpsSFN6QkRNV05UYXZrelRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/CNA_logo.svg/1280px-CNA_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNA
http://?dEZVYTFFMFl3a25jenNHVUhCemF6aGtTb2RrTXVaMWRLMUdURjltYzVRelN0SmxkMFlHUnQ1R1VybFdiaHBWWWtoM1V5aEhWaUZEYVJWVVZKRlhibkprVVlWbWRWVlhTalpXU2E1bWNVRmtNdEJUVTFOR2NQaEdaVnRtYTVnRVQ1ZGpkTDFXVUJGMUtvaDBTMnBIUktwbWFXaEZOUlpuYndKRWFaWnpWbmQzTjVGME1ZeDJkS0JIYzBabWNZbERWd3RTUTBsVWVxRmxkMmduTmhGV1lhdEVkWDlFVXZjMUt3VjNNMTAyYkU5R1p3TkVOMGtEYlFsMVZ3Y1ZReE5WVkhCRlR3TTNNc1pqVDNnVmEyY2xRbWxIYXlsRGN6SW1ZMXBuUkd0R2VsQjNkdmxHU0MxMGI0bDFVMHhVVG1wWFdQWkhlUzUwYUhSMmNyTjJVdE5rVHNSWGFteFdSd2hsVlFkRGI1QWpNbVJGTnF0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/CNBC_logo.svg/701px-CNBC_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNBC
http://?cUp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prY3VabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVDBkVWFaSmtNM29rY3VWM015VTJNdmczWTNVRmVGcFZjSE5YZHdBalZwOUdTSFZtWkpoSFdVdG1aUFowYXdZbld2ZFdVdkprWnhWelQyMUdaTkoxY1daVWF0RjFSaFpYTXJwM012VmxjclJYUUwxa1Z5ZzNjazUwS3JwblV1TjFiVE5UYW5kSFo2cGxiREpGZTV0RVdRcEhUb2x6ZGpwV1FJeFdiWEJUZWlwV2RyTTFSMElVTjN0Q1ZpbHpScmhITkN0eWRDMTJaNVZYTXpOSGMxbEdVRXhrTTJsbk0wTjJhNGtHZEpOM1UzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/cnn-1-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNN
http://?dkp6YlRsV1cyeG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjZCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZwTjNaNGwyTlNwWFlpWjNLT0owY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVHlkbGJRSnpZVVJHVHFoblcyeDJZejUyYUtKaldVRjFhNFJFVEU1VWQxUmpORmh6YTQ4MlZQTlRXblJ6YmtSWFdxVldNelZYUnBwVWQ0TVhlaVJEYWpGamNDZDNMNVJWU3dWVFl4UUdNRDFXT2pWa05XTjBicTEyVlZSR1JueDJhWjUwWXA1R1dWUjJUb3AwYXJOblZ6b0VOdzl5WnFsMGJwQjNZRU5XVFJSVWF1dGthc04xY3dGek1XSm5hNkYzVWhKV1J2eEVlVHBsWnpabFIweG1jRWxUZFFsSFYya21iVDFHY2taMGIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wyKc0nX.png" group-title="International News Channel", Dunya News
http://?d1ZqUW1kMUwyazNTckVVTWpaRGM2SnpNcXhFYjVWRU1IZFZNNUFYV2hWbE4wVUhleGxrYklWM01zSlVPMlpqVkpSblNTaFhleWNXY2lGVFV5SjBiMlZqYnlaM0xEeDJaWVozVG05bWUzcG5jVGRuZHFkRk8wZDFMTHhtUXNSWE9YNUVkNGd6WnZ0eWQyVlVZUUJWTjN4R1JIVkVkQ2RtYTRSa1dUaFdXdUJuUnNobE1TMUdPQ0pIWm1KRWFCVmxlNmxtTnlkRGRuNWtab2hIVFNoRVZWVjNjU2xuTVgxV1RuTmpkcmx6U1MxMmMxRW1kdE5FZVV4MlYzVXpadnBuYk5sVFFEbDJjRjVHVFBSR2JsQm5hNmx6YnVSallxQkZSNnhHYVhkRk1rUlRlMW9sZHhsVlpwRmpZMHRtVGpsR2F5ZzBVQ0JIY3pwMFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LD1Lj0v.png" group-title="International News Channel", DW
http://?eGgxVndOWGVpOVdPVmRrYVNoSGVJOXlSQkZGUzZWRU9DMTBMdnAyS3FoRVRhSnpabEIxTFZKMUw2NWtZWnBVTXhFbmJKWmtObDVtYnlORmJIeFVPeUJYZEhwMVkwaEdXekVqY1VSVmMxZ0RkeHcyVHJ0eVlFNUdPeFVuVERORWJLMUdkYWhEYVlGbFV4WmpiMjhVUVdsR2FyUjJLd1pXZG9CSFQwaFRhcE5XY3lNVWF2c1dZelZuVHBKV2FzZFdad0Z6VHVaalMzZ25ZckpITUVKVU1OMTBiUUZHZDBrV1UwUlRSbGRrVm1WM1lyVWtZSzlFZVdoa1pIaGpNeVpVYWo1MlNxZEhjT2x6VG1ORWR4OTJTME5VTXBkRlNCaDNZSXRXVVpKRVZPRjJjeEpIUmF0Q04xWlZSeHAxU3F4MlZKWjFRSmhVZHNsSGF6SVVlclJXUkpwMVRxQm5lR2RtUTFaVWN0ZHpRMm9uYnJWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/ET_NOW_220px.png" group-title="International News Channel", ET Now
http://?cUZFTkRCVlZacDNhUHhtZG9Wa2VyVldUR3BXUnFwVVVHTmtRaEJuVXdwWE5WUlVkR2xHYTZSVFJyZFZVUmRWT0xSM2IyVnpiNWxFZTNBVFF5SW5ac1JET2taemNWNTJUYXRVZU1GSGEwa0ZOUjkwTjF0U1oyWjFRTHRHZWk5V2FIaFRiejEwVFFaVGEwUnpZVzVHWm10MmFxcDNjNmRWZDBKWFowZ0hNejlpTnZRelo1SVhOMDhDWnJZWGJsWlZTaFZXYzJaM0x5cG1aQmgzYkpkWE4wTUdkanAxTHpBM2F5OTBWTE5qYlRoSGM1WTJTejUyYmtKVVpIVm1XcmgwU0ZCVE5HSkhkQ0YwVXpselpKeDJaU2RrYW5aMVR2TmplVTlHWnd0VVVRcFZlMTRVY1lKVU92cEZXRFYzVE1OM01UOTBNV3RVYm9abGVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vectorlogoseek.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/euronews-vector-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Euronews
http://?MUp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SjNjQkpHVHZrRFZvTjNaNGwyTlM1V1lpWjNLT0pFYXVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPZG5TMU5YVDVnMmRYMVdRVUprYm9WM2RubERUaDkyYUdabGJZWjFieE0xYzJKMVYzZEdXdlJuVU9wM1FVbDNicm9GZG41MFJNSkZObk4xUmx0VU80NUdUU1pVUlFGRWV3d2tUNVFFZDZsRVYwOEdTWUJYVm1Gek5vbGpiSlJGTUtwSE5zTkRNWUYzWUxKbld4TWtkMVYxYTRCbmQzMTBUeUYzZHVOSGJJcG5iUTVXYWFaV2F0Qm5SanBXYnRwV1IyTldlUUpuZFhGR05YdFdhcEpsUnJaRWQxcDNVNkZUWUxSM1prZEhTUVZ6YUtka2RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/o/6/6554.1489225299.png" group-title="International News Channel", Fox Sports News
http://?NUp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGMWNCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pFYnVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPbG5TMU5YVENOVGREWlhUMVZqU3lSSFpaZEdPMHcyWks1MlZ1VlhiUTlVY1RkamJ5QkhjQnBsZUkxbVYzOTBNQk5tYktOMks0bFVjcGxUZVRWMVIxMFdjMThDT0ZkSGFPTkVPTXRpWm45VU4ySjJabkZYVnFSelJzeFVib2RsUTNSMkxzSkhTTFZEUkRGblFTZEVVaWgyYTJSV2RNaDBNNkpEYjJ3MFRTcG1TU3BrYjZCbmRacG5WMUZrZTNOVGRWVm1NQ05IT3pGM2RReEVkT3hVT2g5U1UzSlVSQ0YyYWFGM1pxOW1TM1ptYjVNMFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R77S4T4.png" group-title="International News Channel", France 24
http://?clowUnloak1EZDJUV0owTE9kV2F6a1RVeEp6YW9oRGF2RURTSlZIVlBKMWN4ZEVhWUYwVTFOak13VkVSeWdtYVVoV1FEWkZSNDFrZERoWFFybzNUdHBGYTRKRldXVm5kcGxEUkNKRGV2UWxTeDlTYXhWRk00NUVUdGxXYnZOV1VPTkRhd2xEWnJramR2ZFZUMkVEVWxkM1lVaFVWTFowYlN0MGFVOWlXNEIxY3dnR1doSm5RWU5IWkZwRmJMdFdTdGRrV3dSRU4zaEROMjFXUXpORFp5OG1hRmh6VXBsVlYybG1NMGtYZHJsMmI1Y21SWlZtZHlaalRhcFdScUprZTR0V1RScG5heG9GV2t4bWI0UjFjWHBXTTJGelpqOVdURkpIWnZKVFF3NTJkbzlVYzB3a2FuWmpZaEIxTW5sV09ZQlZPWWxrZXI0VVlYaFdWcU5GYVpoelJheEdhNVp6VWpKamFQbFRhdXBGTW9OWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", India Today
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGVmNCVkhiMjhFTjBCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFYwTjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVDFkRmNQVlRhd0owUTZSRmNLeDBjYXhXZFFSVWJIRkRlekZEZDI1a2N0cFVhdWxEZXNwV00wVm1RbEprYndZV2EzMVVkeUZWVjZaVmNtbDNidXBFY1NkM2JuZG5OQkZHU3NWVk01cGxXejFXYjExVU0wYzNaWUYySzFSalJwbDNTV0ZrUUdWblFWRjNONnhrYkxSVk9UcGxNb3AyVDBoRVIwcDJWM1FUZUxGV2FIQnpMMEpqZHNaa1JNOWlReWQyWTJZRVpRWm5hUWxrVm1ORU41aEROdU4yVXhvbVMzNTJUdUZIYlFGRWJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJz0yqo9CQPGbJLD1IpyBCowrDV9ZtWS408jnyEzzw=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="International News Channel", India TV
http://?cEIxUlRSamVJeEdUSzEyWVM5bWJFNVdjNGQyUm5wV1dDZDFMaWxYTVY5bWV0aEVja1IwTHk5a1oyQlRhVkYzYUdKblFucEZleDRtYW9kRWNxSmpacEoyVUtsblQybEdiSEpYZHBGV2VOUjNkUVZVYnlCelF1MTBLT0JuZUZwVVJpSkVld0JWTUZ0Q2EyNVdPMVJrVVBsMlNPTmpSV1pHYkxsVFoya2tlMjVtUTRGVVJqVlhid0ltUW5SMmE1Z0VUaHBtYnc5Q2JPUkZaUk5YVjR0R1RPTjBaeGx6ZFJOamVzQlhTRE4yTmlkbWV1RjNRc1JsY0poellNbGxhMVpXU0R0V2MxZDNia3AyVUVoamR3UlVNUVJIVW9oa2Q1VmxNMmdIU0RkRlpOcEVhamRYVDRBRlUwVkdldkprWm5kV041WjFiM3drYXhVVmExTkRTMlZqWXFaVVFaTlhldFpGZHJCRGFOTlVOdGQwVjZOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrUAPtg.png" group-title="International News Channel", Khyber News
http://?cWhXUlpGbVRVVkhWd0UyY21SamNrRnpMVHRTYnhkV1ozQnpMMGxuY3lFemF2SjNibFIzVXl4bU55WjJTVTFtV3RGM1RhNVVPelFqYTBFMFVCTnpLNlZUYXdRMlI0eFdhNHNDYzFFMWFqWmtSeGMxUm5Cak51SkhaNVZIT1RCM1JGOTJhckpqVG0xV1c2cFZOeUV6UVlObmRVdDBaUVJ6Y21SR2Q0Y1hSMEJEV0xKalVPTlhTTGRWYUhObmFEZEhTd1pYV25GRFNTUmtjVnBXZVBwRmRDWm5iMjEwY3BGa1ExUjBUeEoyTmhwblNGTkVWejlFYkdKalE1UjFMNDFHUjFaVk9UdFdSSHRpV3JaSGNTbDBZNEFqVXFSRlJxRkZabnRHU1NwMllvVjJidFJYZFlkV1VyQnpZTVpXYzJCM1YxTWtWSWxFYXlWSGRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/MirrorNowLogo.jpg/200px-MirrorNowLogo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Mirror Now
http://?dEJWVFhwbmJyVTNWRmhFT3l4bWUyWVVNQmhWZHlWRU00c1NkalJYV1FoMllZaGxldWRqU3Z0R1IwMWtUa2hYTk1SWFFHRm1ka3hXYnZnVE1MTkZXNjVFYXVCallucDNackEzVVpWbGUzSjFLVWhHY3dkRVVtSkdVemhuWUlGVk52Y2xkSXBtV1pWSFQyaG5VTnR5YXhSSFo2UnpjWFZ6YTRoV2QwVjNWdWRYVVZ4V1EyY0dVYVoxYlNGR2JFZFZORkJGVXlSVVZRSjNicUIzTDJ3bWMxNEVhbFpVUjJnR09uZG5SdmNrTUNCWFZLOUdWcXBuZDFkMlkzTlhPdzVtTTJZSGJSZFdNNVJYTU5kRmRERnpNclUwWjJ4MFlpRmtlWWxHTWE1MmE0Y1dicmMxTTJWMGN6dFVRMEFEYlNsV1MzNUdla2gyYTFOak1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/NDTV_247.svg/250px-NDTV_247.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTm9CVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5OM1pXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVEJSVGV4SkdTbVZWWnF0aWR0TjFVRU5uU1JGVVYxVWplUGhYTzFnbGFzZFVWblZrWXMxbWFHcGxVbVoxYXVwVlF2SW1SdGgxS3dkblJDaFdXeGdsUVNCbGMwQlZNWHBYYnM5Q1dxZG1WRkIzVFdsMVNWQjNkejgwUjFSRlR2VldZa0JEVXdvWGRvVkdjMFZVYnlJelUzZ1RjNmREVUZ0MlNHZEhiWUpqWUg5V2U1NDBjRmhWVDZOMlNXUkVXU0JuWjJBRGJqSjJaMU0wVlVaVFZuaGphbk4xUUZoM2FQSkhNYUpuYUJOSFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pQ7nl12.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV Profit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Newsmaxlogo.PNG/259px-Newsmaxlogo.PNG" group-title="International News Channel", Newsmax
http://?cmwzUmhWM0w1aFhUSEp6TE1KVWFKTjJMSkpHTnFSVWU0TWtVWHBXUnhWMVozZEVlUTlVVnRKemI2Wm5lcmgwY1pkWFV6a2taWWxEZERwblR4cG1Zb1pUTW9CMU0xUVhaSU56Umkxa2FGSkdjMXhVVW9kMmJteG1WUUYzZGpaVWIwTjNkNXhrWUdablIxZEdjM1JGUzJJSE4yWTBNNFZVYTVwbVZEOTJSMHhFTloxRVNhNUdWVU5YVjJWSGVQRkZPdzVXUTNwR1NhVlZSbkpuY3pCWFpHcFZjaWhVUnVWMlJ3RmpUMkZVVUI1V2IyOWlSUXQwYnVsMFpJcEdacmRqTTBnalYzcEdkbjFFTk1aM1oySkhPM3dXYXd0aVFCZGxUU2gzY1BkbGIzVW1lSFZGU0lkbWNuTjNWbTUyYWp0R2VuQkhPRlIxWmhKMEszMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/NHK_World.svg/1200px-NHK_World.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NHKWorld Japan
http://?ekp6YlRsV1cyUm5lcHBtVEtGRmVCVkhiMjhFTnBCVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SjNhQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNoWFlpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVHpOVmJqbERkWE5FVm9OV1MzSmtiMnRXY2hoalQyNW1kbnBGU1NwblZ6SmpSdkFET3F0MmM1WTNieTl5ZHB0a1VqdFdkdzVXUXZJR1JRNW1lcWwxZGlOMmJ6cG1NblZuYjVGR2JPTkVjQzUyYUlGR1V5MTJjU1JFTkdoVVl0ZFZiV1ZGV0xkbmQxY1hNTFJWZEZWRFoxSW1NclZFVkR0MlZpZEhkT2RYWlpwMGN0TlZkc0ZHUnRGWE5UVlROd2NtU3VwVWFVTldla0prTVVoVFFxWkhla2hUVG5WSGJCaDFhTXBFY3FsbFNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Russia-today-logo.svg/200px-Russia-today-logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", RT
http://?cE5UV1VwbWV0VlhVV1pUZVdKVWRyMWtNSlpVVDN4R1Q0VUdNYUZIZU5aMWQ1cGtib3hVY3pZMVN0SlRheFEzWlB4bWNDeFdUdmNqYmpKbVltVkRTdEZUV3JvR1dtZG1RSEoyY1k1VWNUSlZVanBYUXp0aWNvOVNjR0ZYYzFsMFR6VWxhd3NDVDNNVlU2RlhNV0JYU2FWWFZaOTJZM3NTZTNrM2NJRm1Ud0ZFV1hGRk1LQlhWeVF6WTVKamJpRldSSlYxY3ZsR2J4dEVURHhXVGtObVZ1VjNhWlZXZW1wMFFxVjBSTnRHVklsV2E1a1daMUVVZE9aWGREQm5TNjVVYUJsbFFJWjNTRmREUjFoRmVsUlhlVDltU3c1a1lOeDJNcnBXVzVGVWUxUjBkMGwxUzNSamF4RmtOdmMxUW5abldGRmtkd0IxYTZobVRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://static.epg.best/uk/SkyNews.uk.png" group-title="International News Channel", Skynews
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGbGFCVkhiMjhFTnRCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SlhlQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0owWnVabGRKcG5OblpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVEU1VWM0Z2xka1YzS3dablpCQmpRMkpuUklKMUt4VVVlcVIyS3JORE00VmtleEpUV3Q1R01uSkhkRWwxYWhWVlEySm5TcmRVT0NCRGJMeG1TWEZYT2hoR2J2QTNkanBXVXQxVWNNQlZjbnAzZHg4V1loTmxhdFpqYlJkRVMyOWlZclFtVnpJM2NyRkRUMFVGZFQxbVNPRkdieFoyYVl4RVRxRlhaSEJUVXNoSGJveGtWd0ltVnlKV2FIOTBhWGwySzNsRmE0UWpjdGxUZWtsSE81SlRiSFJVVk9kM1EyRkhOdmMzWjJrelozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UdcSRtu.png" group-title="International News Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?MFZHT3I1a1JQcDJWd0ZsY1R4VWNFTjNidmMzVW41R1dsQlZkcVJYZTNSVFFZaEZkSnhXVXhZbVcyOVNNc0ZFWlpkSE9zWmtkbTlVY3hKM1lSZFZXcGhYUWFwbWMxY0djb2hEYm1WamJvaHpWU1JqYXFCalU1Y1ZXbTlHUzZka1NIRnpaMFEyUm9obFZvSkhWWnAxUmp4V091Wm5heDhDYklCWFd6TmpZckpWTnJoVmNRcDNTUWxHVDROMVowRUhkU05WTjJoaldyQkhUc3RtTm1kV01YbDFhQ3RrUzN3V01ybFVNT1ZHTmxSbmUzd1dTTmRtYmFoR1dKZEVXeUZIYkV0bVNWTkhOeVZWZFJSMmMyVmxSeEpWZHJoRk56SjFWbWgzVHZzMGJ6QjNkQ1JXU0tGVk8ycDJWbkZXUlZOM1Q2SnpUMXhVY0xaVFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/Times_Now_2010.png" group-title="International News Channel", TIMES NOW
http://?Mkp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGMVpCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFZ6TjNaNGwyTlNoV1lpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPTm5TMU5YVFY1V2VPTlZONDRFVHI1MFNVcFdhWEpIYzFrblczSVZiVmRIY3prVFNwUlVNNlZrYXpWbk4zRkVkT0prZDNjMkxrRkdSdFpGYkdsV05oSm5keEJYYnpRSGFSdDBSeUJ6WXVsa1EyUkRjc3BHVEhCemJSUm1lQnhHYjVkbFQ0eDJRNVJIY2tKM2F6VUZkTWhUY20xRVUyUVZheTFFTUVKMWNueFdaelpWZHVsMmJZaG5RM1EyYXFkbWN6TUVNdVZIUk1oelFHTkZhTFJtTnZ0V1F3NUdOclJYTWxsV2V5dDJiSFZsYzFrV1ZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/TRT_World_logo.svg/250px-TRT_World_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", TRT World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/VOA_logo1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Voice of America
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyWm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5Sm5kQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5Ob1pXUmpOblpPNW1TMU5YVDJjWGFVeFVSVmxXVDNaMGE1UkVackZIVzJjbk54ZDNjWVJ6WkdGVlR5WlZlTWhqUU5GSE5FOWlSU3RFYmtoR2ROSmxWNlpUWndZV040MVdhMU0yS0twV2J3RWpXMkZsU3JaM0x6bzFTdnAyY2FKRGFNSlRhbWQxWXJKM2IxOTJkeHdVUzJSblphSkhhUGxYY0lSemRMaFRNcFJsZTJGVmNINUdSd016YUJkVGQxRm5WMWtuU25wMmRGWlZkemNuUzFnamV1QlZicXR5WllsM1YxWm5ld0ZqZXlnV01CcEdhSVZtZFJselNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iwQc4dx.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", WEATHER NATION
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 1HD Music
http://?dmxETnlKa2VzZG5jWUpWYm1CMWFucDJMWmgzZHJoRGRPOVdiRHBYTUV0MGNqWm5ldmdYUUhoVFRwUnpkcjBHZW1SWFkxY0RNQjkwY1JKMlRQbDJLb3htWVgxVWJHeEdNekp6TTFFRmMwTkZaMGxrUXNSbE00SWxOUU4zUzRaSFdwVm5lUFZFZHFkRlNxWjNNV3BFV3hVbllVOVVTcnNVYzJVRGFVVkdlb3AyTDVoVk1KRkhVUnhFYmxoamJNRkZhSVJXTTZWRFpMOWthdDVXWldaMExTTldiNlJUUjRkVFNybERVdk4yVjFZWFd6MUVVRWgzWmtoVlc2VmpXMVZITjJFRVpqaFhlSFZEVjBCMWFUVm5hdlV6WjBaRlNNaFVXczlHYlZwRU5raG1hTE5XUVJsRlp6bGxVTmhrVDBkSGFJNTBadkZuZGpaV1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gNWg9tl.png" group-title="Music Channel", 30A Music
http://?cWRGYnlVRVVZZDJSczUwY3lnMmN4WWpXcmRqY29OWE9KQlhTMWdITm9kVVQwODBaVlJtY3hGMlF0Qkhla3BGYnI5MlRuZDFMdjRHZXY1MmF2VmtkMHhXT3VabVMzOG1UdEIzWWhOVGFTTmxNUFZtUjJCbk1VWjNRWmgzTWtKWE0zdGtlelozYVZKRVVudFdheXdtVmF0V012Qm5VMFZsY25wbWNsdFdkb2hUY1h0MFk2cFhPeGtqUnZOVGVVVkRWWFpqUnBaRGR4VldUMGtuVndRRFp1eEdjSVJqTk9SRlYxbG5RNWxYUlVOSGV2RkRXWWxuZU50V2V5SlRZc1ZsVExWVmVqUkhPeEVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/857130996499722241/n1sI-sPl.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 7 S Music
http://?bnQwTVZ4MFl5aDNkdHhHT3Q1a2QyWVdiMmNIVzUxbVNSSkRiaWxXVnVkVVEwRVRiU1IyUm5OMlR3QnpWdFpFUlRoV1R6dG1VNEl6YURaV2J4QWpScjlrYzU4V1JNdG1VelFtZURSMVphRnpWNlZHU3dsa1ZKOUdiNnBuVXc5MlI2UkZkMjFVV05Gak13RjBSMUVFYzFnV1dONTJMb2xHZW9aRFpobGtXbkZWVnBGa2Vyb0dXdlprWkQ1a2VZNWtUUHRTUXRabGU0SUdaU2RtZTNsVE1IVm5jMkVXU250RVR6SkRSWXhVVFN0R1dZZFhjTXBGY3RSVVJyRVRac1ZuVWFkMlQxZ25aWUYwUVFGRGJoUlhkS3QyYjVSMkwyMTBjMklIU3ZOV2VyTVZiVGhGYUxOemN2ZDJieWdUV2hCblN3TmphM0YxYzNGbU5EWjJhd0JuVndWMExHOVdkaDkwVWF4MmJGaDJZeWwxUnFOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://n7.nextpng.com/sticker-png/58/527/sticker-png-pakistan-8xm-television-channel-streaming-media-non-stop-miscellaneous-television-text-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", 8XM
http://?PWNtU3pBbFRERkRldzhtTk1GamJ2TmtNMWNYTkd0V2JXaGpNTVoxYjJoR1c0MTJWeVZETTFRMlJCNUdNUHRVY3dRVWMzWkRiU3BYV29oRmRRQkRWMG9YYXJRM0t4VmxkbXRpUjJzMk5xZDFMd0ZtYWg5bVZEWldNNU1UY1RGMWRWUjJkd04zTHdjMGNMeEdiTFoxVEsxa2FJOXlTQ3QyYTZaVlNxZGpkemRITlVkR2UxZ1djTEZsVTQ0RVU1bDNSRFIyS1psSFVxOWtXU3R5Ym9GalV2MWtaMUpXZUJKVFRMTjNhdEpVYzF0Q2VhSlhiMkVtU3JsRWFabFhPaVZYZDRJMFphTjNicnQyVk5kblc1VjNhd1UyS3ZoMlFFRnpadmxYYXlWbmJyTW1O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa
http://?NkpXTWpSVVdpQjNaeXNHYjVVRmFNeG1TeXcwWm5sRGRucGtUMEYzTnJOR1N5RkhjeklHYnlFRFVxSm5NeWxVU0dsSGE1VlRiRUpYYnRWelVVaHpaNHAwZFQ5MFJpaDJhdDkwTjQwRWNDZEVidmQyTHNGbVR0SkZaRzEyU1NKVWN2cDFhT05qVXJwa1NzcDJZb0pWYnBsMlNtZDNjeWRIY0RORFZsbDBWekZHT3pwVVZTUlhUelEwYnpNRmVNcEVUd3RTYnNKVVVyUlVOMU1IVXZnRmVYVjFjUHBYV3ZzbVl5WmtWYVJtWXRsbWV4OUNXd01WZUlGRWN2TlRNMXR5YXBwRldLaG1UeEF6YUdOR2VSVldlaDFXUnpGRVdFZGpVVjVXVGpWbVVqcEdld1ZXYmFSRGVxZDJhRkZWZHhVM2RISlZjcmdFZDRsRk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2015/05/22/9x%20jalwa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jalwa
http://?PWdtU3pBbFRERkRhdzhtTk1GamJ6TmtNMWNYTkd4V2JXaGpNTVoxWjJoR1c0MTJWelZETTFRMlJCWkhNUHRVY3dRVWQ2UlVVVnBuUjVOVE1ubG1UejQyUktkV2VLcFZjeEpqZXV4ME13VlRZbXBWTndvbWIzcDNVUVZtZHJFelF6UnpheTEyUmt0U09uRjNLVFJGT0Y1RWN4TlViMHhFTzRSMU40Z2tZNWhHU0x4MGMzUTBhRFpHYzVkRmEzRldleVkwY3NKSGJ5b2tWM0FqYnprM1lCZFVhcEowTVlGek5EZG1XVFZYUXF4RWFwaEhjNU16VHVSVGVvZERleThHZWp0eU5yaDJhUmxrVFdOalVxVldaeXdrVVU5V094RnpUWE5WZDJjWFFGSlZl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (1)
http://?NkpXTWpSVVdpeDJaeXNHYjVVMWRNeG1TeXcwWjZsRGRucGtUMFYzTnJOR1N5RkhheklHYnlFRFV0Sm5NeWxVU0dCSGE1VlRiRUpYZXRWelVVaHpacnAwZFQ5MFJpdDJhdDkwTjQwMGFDZEVidmQyTHdGbVR0SkZaR2QyU1NKVWN2cGxlT05qVXJwa1N2cDJZb0pWYnB0MlNtZDNjeWRuZURORFZsbDBWckZHT3pwVVZTZFdUelEwYnpNMWJNcEVUd3RTYnFKVVVyUlVOMVVIVXZnRmVYVkZkUHBYV3ZzbVl1WmtWYVJtWXRkbmV4OUNXd00xYklGRWN2TlRNeXR5YXBwRldLcG5UeEF6YUdOMmNSVldlaDFXUnBGRVdFZGpVVmhXVGpWbVVqcFdld1ZXYmFSRGVwZDJhRkZWZHhjMmRISlZjcmdFZTRsRk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (2)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3aycxVe" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jhakaas
http://?d0pXTWpSVVdpQjNaeXNHYjVVRmRNeG1TeXcwWjZsRGRucGtUMFozTnJOR1N5RlhjeklHYnlFRFVuSm5NeWxVU0d4bWFIaEhaUVpEYVBOVmR3SlhPeEp6TXNsWFQxVW5UUE4xVENSRmJ6RmxTWEZuTXJCVlo0d0VUMTVXUjNnbmFqVmpkdTVtYk9kMFEzSkRhNnhXTVB4bVFFTm5kTVpHZXZNRlRhdEVkMHBtUjExVWJ5YzJUd1ozUW1sMmFxSmxSeHQwTXpoRE5OUjFSRzFHYlF4V2VrVmthVFpIVHc5a1Q0dEVUSlJGTTFrWFpxUm5UR2hFY29ORVNuRkhWMTEwUzV3R08yRVhOWVJqZEg5aWNuNVVVR05HU3B4a1V6UkdWMVlYUURkVmN4WVdkdUIxS2x0VWNvcEhPd0luYTBnV1dJRkhSbDFrZVNSak56WXphelpXU0JsVlMwMFdlaGxHVFlCamU0bG5lNTlTZTJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?M0pXTWpSVVdpNTJaeXNHYjVVRmVNeG1TeXcwWjZsRGRucGtUMHgyTnJOR1N5RkhkeklHYnlFRFV6Sm5NeWxVU0dabmFKTjFNalJEYWtkV1Z6TmxhNVJtWnRabFVSNVdVWVJWV0RCVmRvbGtWdWRtVTNGWE9SRlhUWUozVklKV1V2MGthdlEyWnJwR2FyeDBTTE56Wnh3MllxcFZhWWhHYUtsbk1CSjNNNGR6ZHlOblR5UjNOdU4wUzFvR2NJaG1kalZsYTB4VU8xVkhhVGRXYkxKWGNKUmxlT1YwVDZwMVUxbEZUM2huY1hWbloxMTBUWU5VZU1obmN3cDNMNXBrTWtwa1kxWjNkMk1EVTFRa2VXcG1jemxXT3FwV1VvSjFZNEpYYTJBek5DWkVheHRDUjZSMU41OW1iemxrVXdwSE1vUkRST2wxYnlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qw5saV7.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpZDNaeXNHYjVVRmFNeG1TeXcwWnVsRGRucGtUMHAyTnJOR1N5Rm5jeklHYnlFRFVzSm5NeWxVU0d4bWFKTjFNalJqZWtkV1Z6TmxhdlJtWnRabFVSbFdVWVJWV0RCVmVvbGtWdWRtVXVGWE9SRlhUWWwyVklKV1V2MEVkdlEyWnJwR2FxeDBTTE56WnhnM1lxcFZhWWgyWktsbk1CSjNNMWR6ZHlOblR5UjNOdU4wUzFvV2JJaG1kalZsYTV4VU8xVkhhVGxXYkxKWGNKUkZhT1YwVDZwMVUwbEZUM2huY1hObloxMTBUWU4wZE1obmN3cDNMMHBrTWtwa1kxbDJkMk1EVTFRRWFXcG1jemxXT3NwV1VvSjFZNGxXYTJBek5DWkVjeHRDUjZSMU4yOW1iemxrVXc1R01vUkRST2xsYXlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3l3hIS6" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpMTJaeXNHYjVVRmNNeG1TeXcwWnFsRGRucGtUMGgyTnJOR1N5RkhleklHYnlFRFVySm5NeWxVU0c5bWFKTjFNalJqYmtkV1Z6TmxhblJtWnRabFVSbFhVWVJWV3FoM2N3UlRaWFJtWnRsa1ZhTjNWRUJYVFNsbFlYMVdldGhrWVdaRU4xRjJUbGxUV1NkMktKQlhieGxUY3FsR1ZGUm5adFozUnljVmRXaFhPYWwwUlhkMVpyazFLNDFXUXBoMU5TZHpNS2xHU0ZsSE14TjNidlJGY1lGWGU0bEVOM28wTDVwMkxsVjFMWmhFZFhKa1pDVkRlMkYwTXBoVmJyZ1dXTUZUZVlwWGVxbGpTeEpEWnNCRlZpQkhOeklYVnhRa1dyQmpkWUZGVjBGM0t6dFVOWkYyYklkM1puOWlRR2RUY3VWek5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?MUpXTWpSVVdpQjNaeXNHYjVVMWJNeG1TeXcwWm9sRGRucGtUMHgyTnJOR1N5RjNaeklHYnlFRFVvSm5NeWxVU0dabmFKTjFNalJEYWtkV1Z6TmxhblJtWnRabFVSVlhVWVJWV0RCVmNvbGtWdWRtVXdGWE9SRlhUWUIzVklKV1V2MEVkdlEyWnJwR2F1eDBTTE56WnhzMllxcFZhWWgyYktsbk1CSjNNemR6ZHlOblR5ZDNOdU4wUzFvV2JJaG1kalZsYXN4VU8xVkhhVGxXYkxKWGNKUjFhT1YwVDZwMVV3bEZUM2huY1gxbVoxMTBUWU4wYU1obmN3cDNMcnBrTWtwa1kxcDJkMk1EVTFRMGFXcG1jemxXT3NwV1VvSjFZNGxXYTJBek5DWlVheHRDUjZSMU51OW1iemxrVXcxR01vUkRST2xsY3lrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iwmbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/are-you-huge-music-aficionado-give-9xm-soundcaste-podcast-list.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9XM
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpdDJaeXNHYjVVRmFNeG1TeXcwWnBsRGRucGtUMFYzTnJOR1N5RjNheklHYnlFRFU2Sm5NeWxVU0dkM1p0TlZlNDRVYzBwMGJIaERiNDVXYlBoamNtUm5TcTEwTm9WbmN1WmtZNHBsVnBkRFNPOVdiVnhtVDBOMmFoZEhhdzgyU29CemI1dGtZdzFFTXdkbWF4MG1Ub0YyY1VCektyRTFUMGxEY1NkM1pySjNZUFpVZG1sRmNMbFZkMXRXZDVSblZZOTBTRmgyTUVsMEttTkVlMU4yZE9OMlZxSkhSeUJEVUgxMll1SkhWaVJFYlo5eVlEUjNSMkYzYmpsbVY0aG1TNXcwYzZKRGI1OXlaeW8zUnlkVWNNbGxTMmRYUXhRallHWmthVzFrY3dRVGU2ZGxVTUZEUlZabmFZVmpNd1VVYnRoSE9SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2Y9KTc8" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM
http://?eUpXTWpSVVdpdDJaeXNHYjVVbGVNeG1TeXcwWjNsRGRucGtUMDEyTnJOR1N5RkhheklHYnlFRFU0Sm5NeWxVU0daM1p0TlZlNDQwYzBwMGJIaERiejVXYlBoamNtUm5TcTEwTmlsRGNZaGxNNEFqYXJabFkzSlZhdjhHTkpWWGN3RjBhWGhtYzFKVGF4Wm5iaHRDZFNKbmJHOXlhTVZHYXBsbmF5UmthdU5XTzRoamQ1Sm5iNUZVZHRkVGQwNW1Zd2dUU3JKWGF1bGpUblJYU0ZaRWEySUhidjlTWkQ5MFkxZDFUUTlpVjNnWE8xSm5TNTlHYlZSVU9ZSjFUeE5sU3VwMlZsbFhUeW9XVm5sSGJ2SUVlMkpsYzJwa1dyZEZVQ1ZIVU94a1Eya0RlTHBXUnRCemQ0RkRaSmhGTzNsSGNRUnpkRlZEYUZOMGFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ACB TV
http://?cDUwUjJGM1J6OG1UV3RXYzBsRmJDSjFiWVoxWnJwWE1wVkRhNkZIYnRkMUs0cGtiNEIxYzRoV2J4Sm5VenMyVE9sV09SOXlVa0pIYnRGRFc1UW1Wc1YyWXFsRlREOTJkM016VnlVbWFVaG5RclZITjZwR1RpbGpXYWRtUjZaMlZreDBiaTFXTnhrVFV6Qkhkc3BXZUk5V1kxWURjTEpYYXFkWFFYaG5hMjFtWmpObVcwWUhad2QwUllkelpHQmpZS2hGUzR0MFF2dDJiVGgyWXNKelRRdDBjMlVrZDFJR2N3WmxRWXRVTmxOblpsaG1lVkZFYnRwMWJVRmxTdTlVYTJnVFFPOW1SaUJuZW9sa2V3NUdPMGMyVXZSWGFsWnpWM0luUXlGMVl4OENjcklIYzNwMk15ZHpjVkZrZE9KWFM0NWtTUzVXYlVWa1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Afrobeats
http://?PVluUkVWMk14UVhleVFGZUpsbFF3cDJWNVJYVG1Obk14bGtjRjEwZHdrVGV1dHlLdzVHU0RsVVNDbG5iSjl5S29OMWF5Y1ViNVlEVjZwM0swUmpXMEluU0NoV2NacEdkNTVrY0ZWMVIyZDNVMXBVWWFsV2FuVjBSVTlHYzUwbU1SQjNjblp6YzFwR1poWjNaM1JHYndORmIzTTNMUlJGYXFKVE9MTnpTRmRXVUxKM0wyZ0RiMVZVVFBOak0xNWtibkJqZTAxbVl3SlZRck4zYXlSblFDOVNZNEpXWTBkRVdZZEdXRnRFYmlkRGR6a25adlVqYjVsalJ2UW1RWHhHVE90R2FtbFVhQ2xWVHl4V041ZEhXd1JVU08xR2VtQnpVcWgzYlNKM1UzSWtk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ary Musik
http://?PVVIU0lkbVEwUjNhTEJqZXZWbWExSlRld0UwUjZkV01PQkRWMElUYzA1a2FweEVWcEJUZG1KVmF1UkhkSmwwUzRnMmNtZFVhdVZsWjBaemN5OWlkVjFHVjBOR2UyUkhlaGgyUmFwRVJ4SkhSd0lsYXBaWFZqcDFOM1YyYkw5VVZpVkROenAxU3FabGVwZDNWREpqWUVwM2NLNWtjdUoxYTVwR1Z3eFVVWmRYVnJRalNIcEVhejhrWnpVV1Z1UkRXTFZUWlJSM01UcFVjeUFsYjRrRlZXaFdUeGQzYUN0VVpVSjNMbnBuVHdkMWJyMDJaMGgyVHBaWGJVQjFUNTVXYnI1VWJtSlhjbHBrV2poVU5yVlhZYVJVZDV3V2JVcFdXNE5VZFBkbVZySUhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Kadak
http://?d3QwTVZ4MFl5ZDJkdHhHT3Q1a2IyWVdiMmNIV3AxbVNSaFhUYUpYZXNaR1YzUkRhMUprU09abmF2dHlMWTFHZG1wWGVDVlhTMkFEYURSRmN0bGphNEZIZTBZMlV4aEdSNGdsVkIxVWFyOVNZMGgwUXJKa1ZDZGxNTnhXWUZGVFFaaERlRnAyVkt0eVl6cEZSWDVFVU05Mk1xVldhbmwyZEt0bVF0SjFSNFIwZE1wRk1sZFhSUXRTWU1aR2JWNTBjMGxuTjQ5MlFxZG1jaUIzYTRZMk14VTNjTFowVE1GRE5yeGtTTUZEV3dWblQwcG5SdmNXYnk4eVIxWmpSeWx6UUdwbGFoSlhkakIxZDBOMmR6RlhTNFpVZXhwblRzZGpTcXRtZXhVa1NYQm5jSlJYWXZCRk9ueDJUMUZGTmkxMk5CVmticjRrYm10MFZMVmpXMDVXZG1KRk41bzJLSzFFTXBwa2I1bzFjTmxWVnpSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.the-ba-group.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/b4u-music-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Music
http://?PTBtU3pBbFRERnpkdzhtTk1GamJ0TmtNMWNYTkd0V2JXaGpNTVpsYjJoR1c0MTJWNFZETTFRMlJCUkhNUHRVY3dRVWU2dFVhVkZuYXNObE12VmtOTkpYU3dZa1RoWmxiUXRDVnRoRWNvZEhNeGgwYU85R1RVaFdUTGRFYm1KRFZwVlZacnBWUnhFM05hZDJZbHhXTXlNMGFrVmpRSHRrUXU1a1dxOVdiNWdIVEVsR1MzcDJjVzVtTkhKbWMyZFRkSkpUZHQxV1lKaFdUdnRFZXlRVWROVmtRMFJrVFZoRGNSUlhiaHRtZTFzVWJycEdldngwVDNaMVl0cG5aRGQyZGtGRVRQOTJkaXRVVnZaR2V1SmxZTkZXUXdRblpyNG1iMjBHYXNabE1SVkZk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S0GrDsQ.png" group-title="Music Channel", Balkanika Music TV
http://?clZtZFZaM2RIaDNNVmQxTUh0MFpScG5SVWgyTjFaR2NzdFdXME1uZElWVmVYQmxkMVFWTzRJM015RlZOdWhWYndkMlZSSldielFsZXNaMFVGWlVlNGhYZVZ0bVZRaDJjQk5rWU1semJ5TW5keEVYWXdGR05tWkRNTlpuUXBwVk5ENTBjalpVVHlOalR1RkZOa1YzTFdGM2N4VWxUc1JUZXlvbllCTmxSdWhqY1cxR2JwWjNZYWhsWndNbWVCbDBkV1ZFTXFWbVVzRmpleTltTVV0Q05xdGtkbTlrY3lOMk56OTBTM1lEWmlwR2F3cG1hTDVXYndwV1NKNTBZMUZFVzNBRFdWUlhONVVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Balle Balle
http://?MUJITVhSR2VDTm5RU3BFYjU1MGE0WWpNdnBYT3ZKSGNrVjBUcWhtWW01VWFEeEVhUFJuYVVGRVYxcFViWHBsY2tGSGF3VWxiQ0pIY0J4bWRuUmxVMzlDTUZaMlFNdEdUVDlDYzN4MmFWaFRkMGdGTzVsRlZPTm5RbUZYUTJZSFRGRlRlbkJsYTJzVU4xUlZaNW9uUUtwMmIxTWpSSFYzWllKblJrUkhkdk5XUXNGRVpLeFdNUVZYZG5KSGNhVlROR2RHZXVaRFN3OTJMa3BIVHdnR1V5ZHphVVJuVGp0MmJ3TlVPeDhTVGpwbmEyUkhXMUZIYXRGa1dFTjBOd2xtV010V09TbG5Sd0FUTTRzeWFSdFNheUFWUzRkVE9vZEdkbjltWTRrVlVxWjFabDFrWUhaMFV6UkhPdm9sVDBOSFRtUjBWWEJYZDVGMGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV
http://?elZIVXVoMlJNTm5RdEpuTXJ0VWN6WjFjQ2RrZDJOR1RIRkdlUlYzYXpFbk5UOTBidVIzWjV0MlRvcEdWVWRYUWpwV1VzVm1Vck1IYjFnMUtrUmtOMGhIVENSa2J0Um5TNWNtWU1sM2JDaDFLUVZWY3B4V05KbEdWNWNXUXRWbk0zQnpiVWRWWVVoM2J4SmxkWEpIVHk4bWJxbEZaaTUyY3dSRWRXWjBUM2hqTjROMFl2VTNLa1pGWkQ5bWI1a0ZVNnRpWjVKMEsxaG5XeHQyUkJOa1VDbEhiMnRDVTNna040WjNjcVYyVXZBWE92dzJabmRsY0tWbVZ5UmpWdWxGVFpkak00QkhjUGh6SzBFVWFwWkdPWlZYUjJkV2NzRlVkMnRHV1doMGFUcGxkSE5XTmloRWV0QmxkVnAyU0lKbmF3Z2pWeEl6Ym9ka1MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Classic Hits
http://?NVZIVXVoMlJNaG1RdEpuTXJ0RWF6WjFjQ2RrZG5OR1RIRkdlUmQzYXpFbk5UOWtjdVIzWjV0MlRvcEdWVWRYUWpKblVNWjFTNk5YYVVOWFUwYzBRdWhFYnpRMFNSNTJjSGhET1JkRmJ6RXpOMlZqWnE5a1M0RW1iM0ozYWtsM1pqWlRlMlVWWjZ0aWEwQkZleVlEUkpGM1lwVjNRMEZqYTRObWV5czJUcTFXTndaamVFcFdiMU0xUmpOMlp3eFdSNU1uUzJsRVR5c2tkVVpYUnRSbmQ1eFVicmtVYWpwRU52RjBNdnBWUzVRSGJtZDJVWU4xWlBwblN2Y3pkb2xGWktwWE40WlhNNFluZXJsbmRyRlVSUk5VZHhSWFYyWldOeXBIYXg4eWRhRldheE5uVGxaMlN0bEdad3hVY1pWSE5MOVdXRlIxYUNkR1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Greek Music Hits
http://?dVZIVXVoMlJNNW1RdEpuTXJ0a2F6WjFjQ2RrZHpOR1RIVldORzVtZTBWMU5XSnpaenRHY0JSMVU2bGtWdTEyTUdGWFlzcEVTSE5sYkZCekt6cG5lNVpVYzZ4VWRJcEdOdEZGYVBkSGJLWjJVUWxrWjF0U080TjJjaEJIVTROV1l4UjJkbWxtYlhoMkxzaFRNdkZWTWx4MktsTkdiSWhIYjYxMmFOTkVSMFpUWnZnR05UcFhPVkYxTUNKa2FTMTJRM2NFVXRsMVFMSlhRMjgyS2lwMmRWWkdhaVJUT3pjMGJyaEZPeGwzWjBFWFZ3SVZXMlJtZW41a1VqOUdVck4wVm9oelFoMW1SS2hEV1poMWFqZEhWS05WVDZkV1NhWlZjVEJIT3JWVlVyY1RhR1IwWTJobmF6ZFhieThVVkRwbWRrMWtkRVIxYTBsM1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2EfPNNy" group-title="Music Channel", BFlix Movies
http://?c3BtVTRwM1V3bDJjMWNWVDRVRWR1TmxlM2hEYzRoWFRUTlZPM0YzY29CVlNrMTJhdkYwVUZaVFp5ZDJRNDhVVFlkbmRhUkZackZuYzNoVVJRWmpZeVZUY1hobmN3cDNacWhrV3ZZVGU0WlVUSzlDWnZSbVJ6WkdOMUpuWXdOVmE1RlVlMFFqVndOVVVvUjBObzkyVjBrMk5MbGpTTE5uZFdKMU5HMVdRdFJqYlVwbVpFZG5ZSUpYZE1kRmE0SkdNMFVsV25KV09yMGtRTlYzUm45MmRGWkRjNjkwVmtsMlZ2SnpLd29FV3cwbVFWSkhSVk5XY3pkWFl6QUZjdDFrVUk5aWVseEdXQ0ZIUzRoR2NuRjJTeDRtWnJGV1VoUnphQ2hXUkhkemN3QVhjaGRrV3dOWGNwbG1ieWh6TXhrM2JESnpNeFUxY2lwRk9TQm5iczFrYjZGWE0zaG1UeFptUkwxVWVvbEZhU2xsYXExVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/alJj9sb.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Boogle Bollywood
http://?PVEzWVRCVk9tOVNkd2RrV3BSRmU2ZDJUT05YWlNWWFJwVldSRzVVYUVKamNPbEROMVpGT3NsRE5WSm5jc0ZFT1VobGNQRkVaWFZqTnRablpFZFZVSWxIVUt0aWR5MDJiNVowWjJSMVl6MTJjM1JWWXdjV1RoaG5VRE5qY01kbmFSMVdabjlHYndWM1JLaEdONGNHVXpkbGUyd2thNk5FY3I5U2F2SjBSbGxtWTI1a1ROTjNiMXNVTXprMWJ3bDNUWWRuTTUwR2N1UkdUMWxIYk5wbllHTm5jNXhHVklGamJOQkhWbmQxU3dZbWRsUlVOeFJsTXJCalRUZG5kRFJYT3g4MlYyMUViUk5rUllSRVU2WlZaTVZETzNCbk40NVVacXRTYndKVVdtZFhWbjFHUnZNM1l6bzNRbFozVjRnSGN0WmtNbTlpVG54bWEwTXpaNHNtYTUwMmJQSm1ka04xYlFKamRudG1OT2h6VjRkM0syZFZleW9tYXpsMWN6VUhjenRVTVYxa1N3QVhPVWhuWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g0xwB7" group-title="Music Channel", Box Cinema
http://?M0pXTWpSVVdpWjNaeXNHYjVVMVpNeG1TeXcwWnpsRGRucGtUMHAzTnJOR1N5RjNaeklHYnlFRFUzSm5NeWxVU0dGSGFZRkZXa05UZHdJblZWcEVPdlpXVW1oR080aDJONFFGZHlRM2RHUm1VeVJYTzJCWGJVOTBLRnhtV3dkbVoyWWxkcHhFWjFnSFI0aDFWNWhYZXhJblFKUmxiTlZuYjNsbWVQOUVUMk4xWVFoSFRTMW1RWUoxSzBGM1pJUlZaSFJFVXlOMUw2OTBWNUJYZDVnMVR6RVdhNWNEUk9KWFdvVm1TMVpsWllkSFVqdEdUS3hVZHJ4MlJsdG1ab0YyUU1obGN6ZG1lRnBVVGs5V2N4QVRkc05YU3lGRFRMWlRRalZIVnZJM0w1cDBhWXRVZE9SRGV5SmphSDEwTDVGWE8wcGtTdUJUZXd3V1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iv85GCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", Box Hits UK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://batv.gloss.agency/site/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/balogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Brit Asia TV
http://?cU5YT3lnbWV0UjNjMlVtVGFoMWJ2QkZkNVpuZTRWV1RMbFdVNkpITzNKelFyQnpadEptUUVKall0WkhNRUprWXY5V1kzdDJWekkwYzVKV016aGpadWhuVDVaMVY2aDJWclZVVk9KamFscFVVNXdtZXhGVmM2aGplcWhYTkxORlJXaEVhMFJVT3ZnVU93VlhhaGQyWnY0R2QycFdUb1ptZUtWbFYzSjJZeWxVWWpCbE0waFhkclVXYU1OV2VFQlZVTGxsWTU1RVdFMTBadEZuY0xObFc0VUVkdGhGWkRaM040ZEhWRk5YYVExV2ROQmpTVVpXY0R0R1d3aEdVdEZHZHJaSFNPVjNSdUowUnJBM1ptOXlkS3BWWXU5a00yOTJiVTkyUlZsMlJVQkRiSHRTZHh0R1Z3dEdiM1lYV1YxR1NUZDFWeGNFYU1aelZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/zh/f/f8/CCTV-15_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", CCTV15
http://?eWxUWjVoSFZ5b1dXa2xFYVo1MmF3VjFhNE4yUXBsekx3RUdVMjBHYkxSSFZGTkRlS0YzYXBKRFVwUkdkR0ZHY1hwV1lrSkZjWE4zYlBSV2RuZG5WclpGV0xobVN3WkhWaUZXU2FkVGVZTjNidUZUWXNGRWFhNVdVTGRtU3hJemRhNVdheVlqTjY5eVl5dGllMEZqWnJrSGVWVjFMQkZtYzJ0RVp6MEdXcVJ6ZDNwVlNoQkhTb0JYTzEwbWNqcFZiaFIySzU5aVJsRm1NekpYU2FKRFczTldjb1pEYUJsRE54TkZPelVYYW5kMlkzSW1jdDlrYUdoemRKWlZTc2hIV0JoSFd3ZG1RUzkwUVloMGQzVlZiMlpIVHZOa1NYMTJTNElIWkpKMExzZFRidEJYVXFwVWQwQmpRdmdEZElOM040OGlhT0ozWjVnelozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Cine Voice
http://?MDlDVUNKVGNvcEdTWmhtYUc5Mlo0NFVaU1oxTG5SRVd3azNjWFJIUjNvSGRIMUVjb1ZUTklGa1p1bDBjWFZVUXcxMllRbGtXanhVY3g5MlJ4dFVSM2RrV3Q1MGJTMVdkRkJqVktOMGJxOUNSVkoyWjA1bVRRWlVZcTkyVExKVE9CcEdkdlpXYkRsa1J5UmpheXRHZFg5MllPOW1hdFpIYTBBSGUySUZXdnBXVTRZVVM1ODJLcmxWYVhWM2NUUjJRQk5sU3NOV2VyOVdkSjlXUkJaRGJUcEdjNHRHZHZzMGQxQkRNM01WUWFkM1NXVldUT1JIYjNGa1pwSlRTcEZIU0VaWGFITkhPNHNpUTBjVWVVcGtiR2xXV3RKVWV2Z25lUEozWTFBbmFFTjJiQlZIZFpOVFpuSldUczEyYnpsR2N4TWtRTkpXZXdaM2RocDFRemhrTjJZWE1CSm5TNTBtUjNRMmE0SWxUS2RXY3B0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LJ4Hpdc.png" group-title="Music Channel", City Music TV
http://?dmRrV3hvMFp2Z25OdklUVTJwR2RMdEdWamQxTTVGR1UzSTFMdGhuVHJGM1NzeDBhMFIyS0VKM054SlVTM05UV0lWSFR4UjBSUUpsZUxOMmNYVldadDUyYXM1Mk12UlhPMWdEZHJBamRPUlhleGhtZW9OWE1wVkZXYTFHY3pKblRVaEVlNVZsYnFWMmExZHpNa0ZFV3RsWFFNcEdOVTUwYjJaVmJ3bzNheVYwS0k1V1YyTlhSNjVXZE5SamRZTkVNSEZHZHVCWFlYWlZZRnRtWnc5R09hRjJhNGhYVGxaV1owRkRNRWgyYUJkMmFNWldUeWtUY3ZnVk1rZDFSMVIxTjJBVGJNdFdRNnRHZEJsbGMwb21WVmxVZXZwR05OVkdXMHgyZHY5bWVxdDBaNUZIVk9kVWVuUkdUWnAxTDNsMlJEQlZUM1JsZXJBelRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Company TV
http://?dTl5Ylo5V1kwc21VMThrZEN0a2FxcDBLUVJsV3dOblJNbEhOTGQzYWlKSE13TW5jd04wVElSRFJzUnpScmNYWUY1bVFFUlRiV0ZYYzN0MlFQaFZidU4wTUtWVFlObFdVdlkwTUNOVGVHRkRiVHRFTm5CbGF6b25iMGRYUUVsemFsbGxlekVsY0paVFc0RkZTcmxrUVdaWFIwUUVTd01HZDE1bVVMdFdaMTkwUVZaVWJQQjNMS0oyWXI0R2NCZEZVcjhVVDVkbVQyUlRhMmhuVFlwRVdpbGxid04xZEhSekt3TmpleGczTDYxR1o0SjNkaDFHYTFRV1lEOWlXemRWV21wV053dG1jVU56YnJNR2N5eDBVUGhWU3pGMlYxOHlWMWhHUnFoVk95NUVjek1GVGlORWU0VlZiNFptZFY5R1ZMRlZUdFYyWkQ1V04wSmxUM0pYUkZKbFlLeG1hdGxrYUo1V2ROeG1NWWRUUnZ0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g5QrdK" group-title="Music Channel", Dabangg TV
http://?ekpXTWpSVVdpQjNaeXNHYjVVVmRNeG1TeXcwWnpsRGRucGtUME4zTnJOR1N5RkhheklHYnlFRFVuSm5NeWxVU0dkbmFqVjNZMk5GYXRGV1N3czBWb0pFYnhBbFRUdFdiaGRVVFc5RWJKWlZhcWgxWjM5bVkzWm5lMmszZFVObFFzaDFacmNGUlY5VVUwcGtUTEZHVXlnM2JZOVdVRGhUY25sR2UxNEdOd2hYVW9SalVwMVdTNFkxTFJCSGFJVlZkRXhFVjBSalR2WjNMRTVtYnhSMkt4WVRiQjltTUt0eVZ1NW1RMFEyTEQ5R1JXZFRicUZXZHlSVmJVUkhSb0ZrU0ZaVFl6TUhPVWQwZHNSMWFJbG1lNkZuZXZ4MFYzTWtZV2hXU2pKMVV4cDNiWEpEZUNkbk51aERicmxqV1c5bU1LWkZhcHBGYVZoRmEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/DancestarTV/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", DanceStar TV
http://?NGhWVllaR2J5SVhOdWxXUkxGSGRzSmxkb2xqWXhwV09xVkdjSVIzVklOa2I0SVVheDFXUTI5VWMwRlRiM3R5WXdVWE9EdFVUbWxUYkdGamRxcG1ielJGVGxsM1ZMcG5ZMjlFWlhSa2IxSW1OM29rYnZWblVaZDJMSFZYUWlkM0xLdEVjUWhtYTZGbVZ2OXlRdkF6TEZoM1VGaFdReUkzYzAwbVdyNEdOdjEwVXNKR1V3ZDNUdUJsVTFOV2Izc2tiNElIVHBOMFZZRlhaNXhtZXlSVU1reEViSlprVElsa1pwRmtRWmxqY3JFWFRybFViUHQyYTNnVE50SkhkMFpYZUN4MFFzVm5XVVJVYXo5a2Q2Vm5XR3hFY3RoR2RyZFVUNWduTlpKbllQaDFicm9VZWsxMkw2WldVYVpUYTBGWFd1UkVkeUkxY014VU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", DBM
http://?eUZETnFWa01HcFhkTGhIV21KbWJYOWtTeUoxTHpOV1lCRkdTeGwzUXVObldZeDJhR1psYXJjSGRxOTBieXhFVHNobk5MZGxRdEpFYUN4V1lLZEZNcmhIVHZSVWEzdFdiVDFrUnhSa2NJWkROdUZXVDRobFJDWkRPeHBHV05Sak1OZG5lc1oyTXdkVGQ0dEdidVpHTjZGSFQyTkZTeFZVYlExbVZwUjFadHBXUkVGRGNCeFdiVVozUnFsMmNERm1aM1IyU3lobk40WmplNGdITTQ1MlEwdEdjejRrVHROR1NwcFVSck4yVEVOWE5FeDJZeFFUYlpaSFpwdFViNlYzTGwxVVUyMVdVV0ZtZEpoVGVOTnpTc3hFVm5sVmQxTWpZdlVIYnNabld3NFdiWlpUVDBwM1EyWkRNRjFFU2lOM2RZaHpLVnBXY1hKbWJuWm1lMU5HVkVoVVo0RVhUQkZ6TjVRbmJ4aFZRdFZsUjRSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?MjlDVUNKVGNvZEdTWmhtYUc5R2Q0NFVaU1oxTG5SRVd3UXpjVHBuVHdKMlJuSjJkRDkwY1lGMWRzVkdicndVVDJkMk1QdGtiTlpXZEwxa2FYOVVZc2xETWpoRFZNcG5idGxtVVVObWJXUjFiTU4yVTBOa1N2WTBRb2htVW50bWMwUjFhSGhWZFg1RWUzVkRTeWNrVXQ1MlNyY1RScFJ6ZFNobU1HSkVTblozYnBkR2EyZG1RM3NFTzBSVmJ6a0dNNHNVZTR4VVNyaFdXM29HVUpabVpxZFdkS0ZUTkVKVWU0QkZWMDBtZU9OM1pFbG1jMGhGZERaMGJFbEZaM0psTVM1MFVUeG1TNE1VYndwRWNUTkZNb05rVW45aWROWm1OUk5YUTFjWFFRZDNhdU5uVVpKeksxaFdaVGxIU0tsMlZseGtSTmxEYkhkelFHRm5ZMnBFTnhBSGJVcEdjTWRVYkROR2Q2TldSVFoxYW9WVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?dkpYVGtaVFVwTkhid0ZtU0ZobGMxRjBNd3AzTXFKa05UdGtOWWQyTUpCRFV3RWplMmhHTVJkMmNvRjBkdFJsVDJjM2M2QlRUeHBWYU45eVJ0NTBTNDVtYTJaa2FDcG5SV0ZEVHJOV2FwbDFiRGhWU3Faek1DTlZldklIZG5oR1d4TUhjUkptV01GVE4yUmpieWttVVFKbmN6ZEVVQ3BFYmtGVFVHbFZhdHhXWlVKV1F1VlhNYVJGYjNJemJSRjNMcEJsTXhsWFozc2tUWVYzU0JGV09yODJjMzVHZU5sME16SjJkakJ6YjZOblRsaEdVME5VY3JkbmQ0a2tiMGxHTUVoalVDOW1jdnR5TXNwa2MwNG1ieWNqVHBWM2JoTlRSTVpYVjNVM2ExVUVkU04yS3VCemRzbDJWMVlrTjR3bVNaOTBhTTVVZXdGbFVhaFVXNUJuYkVKbVE1a21OMlFHYm9KMWN2b25lVWxqYXhsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil SE
http://?PXNXWXpBMWRMaFZiTHBtUXExMFpvWjJVMThtTXZSbmF5RkRkeEZXYXM5aVUxZEhUeUIxVTFWbmV5UTNWellWVGpCbGVNZDJVQzkySzBKV09DOWlOSGxtTXprMmRYdGtlRGRUWkVoalpucFdZeFFEU1VCM2FMQkRlbGgxY0tkRWRINTJLM2hWUU1KV2VTaG1keGMxYTVWa2FPVm5TblZWV3FoVk41TmpTSlpYY1paVE1tUkZlSWxtWk5oMVMxZHphRHhrY0lsR2RwZEdVdEpXY3c4MkxMcEZWd0JqTnFabFUzZDNUeFJIVXpnRWRxWkVSNDBVTXZGVVY0VTNhMXNtVEJaSFJvZFZlek0xTVZkVGQwWmtUTTlTZEdoMmNuVjJkUGxYYjVkWFVXcDFW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil Se
http://?PW9XWXpBMWRMaDFhTHBtUXExMFp4WjJVMThtTXZkbWF5RkRkeEZtZHM5aVUxZEhUNkIxVTFWbmV5YzNWellWVGpCbGRNZDJVQzkySzVKV09DOWlOSE5uTXprMmRYdFViRGRUWkVoalp0cFdZeFFEU1VwMmFMQkRlbGhWY0tkRWRINTJLdGhWUU1KV2VTSm5keGMxYTVWRWRPVm5TblZWV3ZoVk41TmpTSnhXY1paVE1tUkZiSWxtWk5oMVNzZHphRHhrY0loSGRwZEdVdEpXZXc4MkxMcEZWMEJqTnFabFUzWjNUeFJIVXpnVWJxWkVSNDBVTXdGVVY0VTNhMVluVEJaSFJvZEZlek0xTVZkVGR6WmtUTTlTZEdkM2NuVjJkUGxIZDVkWFVXcDFW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing
http://?MUptYzVkM0xpRkhOaVJUTWlOVmFKQkRiWlYwUTFSV1JCbHpWR3hHV3NCelRHcG1lU3hFUkdWV05yUmxlamRYZFpkR2JSWjJLbmRsZXVkSFptbDBNdjlTVzIxa1VybzNUelpUT1hWamQ0QURlT0pXTXpWM1pGRjJSd1VuUUxSbFF2SmxlSVZXVUxobFU1QkRSTVpsZGhGWFIyeEdPNUpEZDJvM0wwWjBNd1YyYXJaRlpWUkhSb2huUTY5R2ExdGtZS1JIVDZoM1ZZOTJhSkJuTXdZM1pJcDBjaTlFZHhWMk10VmtlMU5IT3lnSFJzNW1abDlHYVBWRlpHUlZRdjVXZERsV1NvVlhVcUJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Animation
http://?PThtWXlsM2R2STJhMElHTnhJMlV3bEVNc2xWUkRSSFpGRlVPdTlDYkpaRWJzVlRkMjkwWXJRMVp3WkhWaHAyS2sxV2J2ZzJMR1pFVDRORlp2bzFUdjUyZDVOR1R6VXpaQ3gyUjFnSGV3RlVSMGwzTGhobk4yWjJMcjkwZEtka1Z4ODJkc2wzWTRSVFl4Y0dkbmwwS3dWRWRORlVSRWwyZDBWVGIzSVZNTnBtUURoMU1tcFhkdUZGZDF3R05waEdPaVJIZVZsM0tybERSMkVXZUhOaldya1RWNFJUVDZsMFNSZG5Ua1ZWVlJoSGF6SkhOeUYwS29CVk5UZFVNdzFXTXlKVllJbHpadGh6VUpwVVVzUkhia3BtZG8xR1phWjJacmNqYTVBSFRwWkdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classic
http://?dkptYzVkM0xpaEdOaVJUTWlObGJKQkRiWlYwUTZSV1JCZFRWMzAyTEh4RU42bDJjRXRVZEl0bVFwOW1TRDVtWkpKWGJ0MUVNcjgyYmxwWGNSWlZadVJtY25sbVRpWm5acm8zTXpVRWNZQkZSNVlUUzZKVlRqZDNUMDFtYVdoVk12SkhheEVXVjRRMk40SkZNelIxVlJGM0w1YzBTM01EYnVoR2M1YzFNblZWT0JaSE93MVdZSUZrUndFVGFPUkhSekpXWTNoM1VRMVdTMUJYZUpoallYUkViMzlHZVFkamRwbEZUbGhWZEZsR2JhOXlSdmxtYzR0U1RIeG1Vb0ZETVJKSGNLaFhTSTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classics
http://?cEptYzVkM0xpaEdOaVJUTWlOMWRKQkRiWlYwUTNSV1JCbHpjdWhtTXdoV01LaG1ieTBVTzJvbWJzWldUM3BGUzFoMk56bFdWMUZVZTFSemRtUm5Wck5UUXVWbFM2bEhVcDFXV2xSRmM2VkZkaGREZTRGVFd5bFRkMVluUVVOV1N4SUVkSkZEZDJaMFVwNTJUMlVFZHdCSFpEcFVhT0oxYnpKSE12Z3pUNkZGU0ROV2RGUjNScDVFZVg1MmR2Wm5VSzVXYTRCM1R6WjJhUGhYYTJGRmNVaFdiajFtU21SR2V3RjJOMmxFWkhkWFZPTjNTMVZHY0NKR09ITkhVemhXU3ZSemF6UTNZUk5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Dance Floor
http://?b05uTlc5RVYxa25ja1ZXZHVaMWJueGtWRGwwUnU5R2MwQkhacnhtZVpoRmRWcFVkb0ZsZUxkV2EyOUdUMmsyWk9oM2J2Tm1jdnNXY3pvRlJwWkRVckJWU0ZWa1kwTm5heEFYY2g5MFpGaFhheW9GZDY1MEtSeFVja05YYVJoVE5HQkZkMXBrUVRSall2VjBMV056UmtCM1ZzWkdVTlZEYk1sbFdGUkdPd3R5U054V2FUbDNSMVowWUhKa2RHZG5TQ2RrZDNsVk52Um1NUWhXTXdwbVdhUlVkRXRTVTFNMUtxZDFjSEZVTXZBM1R5RWtUUk4zZEM5Q2JZVmtlcVZGYTU0bVRGMVdlb05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Karaoke
http://?eEptYzVkM0xpMUdOaVJUTWlOVmFKQkRiWlYwUTFSV1JCaFRhVXAyVnlNRWFKUm1iUUZHU3prSGNxeDBkSDEyZDRnSFNMRjBTMVZrZVJKVVl4bEhhcmRFYXZZVVo0Z25Wd1prU3ZZV2FVaGtVeFkyUnE5eVQyZEhOcXBHYTFvbVJ6UkhhRXhrUm9wSGIyUlhSRU4zTlhsSFcxRW1lcjVFYlVCelVFTmxXeWwxUTE4bVFhZDNSbmhVTkxaM2I2OVdNRlZuTndsRmI0WWtkNHBITXhORE9CRjNaMWRETjQ4a1lyaGxRelpIVnZoR2F3RkRUMXR5Y3pBWFV4SkhNczkyUTJkVlpxaEhibEJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Underground
http://?PWduWXlsM2R2SVdiMElHTnhJMlVubEVNc2xWUkRwSFpGRlVPaUpVYjB0VVQxMGtWMTVrWnJJV1IxVkhNMVVIV09SMFp1VjBOYTFtZXdKemFFOUNjQmRYTUhSVFlENUVkcWwzS3hBemQzcEdNbXRtVTNZblpCaDFRRmwwWnZZellwRm1NdE5EUzNoemRVbEdTM05rWVloSGFDRjFRM2gwU3poRk1SZFhOcm9YU3lOMlFKeEVlTmR6TTVVV2U2SldZUmRsYTF4R1V6RlRiNGh6YnQ1a1JhVjBkdEp6UVpaRVdyZzNkS2gxWkhaMmN5Y2pkUnBFVjZSMUx2Z0hhYTltVlJ0eVN4cFhiME5sVUtoMVV1VkVSbmxsVTJkWGJ3NFdWMllEYjRrV1FuaDFN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/e24-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", E24
http://?PXNtU3pBbFRERlRjdzhtTk1GamIxTmtNMWNYTkdoV2JXaGpNTVpGYTJoR1c0MTJWdlZETTFRMlJCRkhNUHRVY3dRa2UzMVVaWGxUVnVSa1VJUmplbWRXUkhkMVNsTnpid3R5VUtSemE1TmxZUmQxWlJSM1p3a1RibHgyZHlaamNsTmxOcFJqV3dBVFpvSm5XMk1UWjRzR2J6bFZOQlZFY3JoVmVsSm5VdzRXUXZSWGRWNW1kNGRYYnNaalV0QkZiVjl5ZEYxMmJ5RVRPU05rYXlkelZUQmxjdHBrVTNoa1lSQm5RczlVV1ZWRWJQQmxNVTkyS3dSMWJYeEdNeWgyVG1oMFM0TkRjRTUwZEZGemFyZDJNdFpqWXE5V1pFWkZad1JXZTNVRlZKVjNh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.livefarsi.com/uploads/tv_image/ebc1-tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", EBC1 TV
http://?cWhGVnZZMVRwQm5WTzlTWkw1VWNyZ2pXdkJYWTZsSGNyaFhVQzEyYTJVRWFIWjNjRzl5WlhsMmFuSjNWeWNXYnhZWGFNbDJLWmRYZElwM001ZERWdEZuV1hOWGMxOEdlU2RqV2lOM1p3NDJWNVJsZDJaRVNwcFVjdnRHU29KMlZWZFVhcVp6WlE5bVVvcDFkUTlpYTJoV1JzMWtjeWdqYnZwVk95TW5keWhUY05wVU93UUhhaHhXU3pCMWJNZG1UMDlDT3pKa1R4NFVUd2tuZUlGamN2aDNiM3hVUjJVM1o1TldNcXR5S1F4bU4xWTFLdEYwYnNsa2F3QmxNcVpXVFBkVlp2a0hlc2QxUmhsVWUzTURTRjlTV3VwSGNMbHpjYVpYYVhKbGJ2WmplT2RWVVhwbE1waFZWc0ZYTkRoR1R3c0NOVkZXZXRSRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Express
http://?ejlHVjRNV1JROUdUR0ZtTUhkRmV5QjNkMklIZDFwSGFMWjFTMUpuYlo5Q2VhcEZjS3BVZFpoMFRubDNUMHRTZXkxbU1IUlVVb0JqZFNwblVXOXlWNTFVY2xaM1R6MVdRMlYwTXdCamI1QTNkcXBVT3BaRVRKUmxkeW8zUVNoelR2Z2tkcE4yZEtoMWM1dFdPVTUwZElSblRFbDJUSEJWYjFkbFk1UmxUbkprWnJGMWJTZG5idnRDYU5KMFpRVlZkV1JUY3BOVVd6WVRVdmtYTlNwbmNuQlRhM1pUVzFVME16QjFWeFVHVzJnR1pIRkRjdU56YURSVU0yNEVkc2xIU1FaSE13eFdUcmxsZElSSGVYRlZSTkZYWXNCamU0SkVhejFtV25SR1ZSTmthbWRVWm9WelM1MUViTXhXWndvR2JyY1hjME5UYTBWR1J3ZEZPelJGYjNVVmRpUlhWTWwyTHBoM1oycEhPbk5qYngxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ju3mLgq.png" group-title="Music Channel", Fresh TV
http://?PUFuWk85a1d5VmplamxUYnljV2NvSkdheEkxWklaSGJERjBRWmxIY25oVmIyWkRiNEpVTW5aVFMyb21heTEyTHNOM2MwQWxjMmdWT3NwbFNxWmpRUXRtVnZVRVVTbGxiS1oyWVFoSFc0VlhleFVEWmhsR2UwbzBLNFYxZEpCbFNWcGtVeGhuVlN4a1FGOUdheEUwTVhKemREUmxSdmRIWng5RU9FQjNWNE0zVlV0aVpsQm5ieEJWY3hkbGUzOWlZd1EwWk94MmNXaG1SNHRFZDNObk5EdEdic2xVVldaMWJ6b0dXTlJ6U3dSR2M2UkROS1ZtWXA5eUtNdHljT0YzWlFoVmVNbEhlNGdtVzIxMlUzbGpXTWwyVG1kSGJ5SXpiR0pGY1hwVmVrZG5Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Music Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbjlXUlhkVWV5SkhlQkpHVHZrRFZ1TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcVpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVE1sVWR4WjNLWGRHVHZ0R01pcEdjVzFXYVg1Mkt2Wm5kdnBYWkVaamR0dGlaYVJqVnRSWE40RTBWNWtYZFloblpTbDJack5GV0xkRGFRMW1TVWhIUnBGMmR4Um1Sa3RDVzNOMkswMTJWV05IYnJVa2VDSkZhcFJHTklGR04xZEdPdmtEUzRobVMxZ0RkcTFHZVFkRlZySVVTMFpqTlpGbFpYeEdXNW9IY0hGM2RoNVVWWUZWYnRkWGRxaFhUTzEyVTFGV1pxcEhhSE56ZEkxMlR4VjNja2wxVnBWSGExb1dhMGQxZHhOVWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Gabru Tv
http://?ekJITVhSR2VDZG1RU3BFYjU1VWU0WWpNdnBYT3NKSGNrVjBUcXBtWW01VWFEeEViUFJuYVVGRVY1cFViWHBsY2tWWGEzRWpjazFrYXc4RVRaWkdlM0pFZG4xbVoxRW5RdHgwVTRvRmEwbEdaSE5sYW5SVVJ4QmxjemttZGhKVVMxdG1iVGgyVDBrVFJxSnpVVGhsV1pCWFZpOVdVak5YYUloalFDSkVTb0pUYno0MlFQdDJad2tYT3laV2JRSkhNc1JrUXRoMVVTbDBWendHTXZ4V1VVUmxiNEkzYndkMWNyOUViaFprTndnV1lRQm5RaE4yWlVGVE9tSkhPbjUwY2E5U2FHTm5kMk1FVDZoMGJxZHpRM2tUUXROVk1RNWtTdDUyZG9GbmVKTmpid2NVVGtaRVZ0ZGxVMWtqVWtGSE9SaERiNElEYVJaSGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/k9kHJv9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Gabruu TV
http://?PW9HWmxkRGJJZFRiNjFtYmxSek4zVmxiQ3BIYUJ4MkwwSTNaeEZUYmlOVU15a25VcnRVWlJsRmFvRkhVc0pWVzAxbWFSaFRldjhrUXBsRk1MUmtUS1IzU0taVGUySldibEZ6VXZRSGRyaEVOeEpWUVpaM0xGdHljeEptZXFoM2N4WTFZNnBHZWtaemNOdDJjcmhrZTZ4VWRITlVleFZFVW9abFU2bDFVcHhXT2pWRFZzRmxlVGQzVE1kemFuaFZTMXNDYVZaSE1WWjBRekJEZTVjMUx4cFdNblJsUUNwR1UzSjNVWWRXTVRaVmNSUlVUdmdUU3dWa05zbFhOT1pYUUxkWFNvSlhiUEJIUm10V1V3WjNZVUZWZTBvM04zSm5ScTVXYVRaR1J1Wm5a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1VlArCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", GEM Arabia
http://?eTEwWkh4MFQzdzJNd2hETTFNa2VNWkhTMVJXWW5aME00NEVTbWhXVVJOVVFYQlRjMWdYVFlGR05uWkVWUDUwUjU4MlpKTjBNdHhXYzY1R2NNTmpRNU5tTnRsemR5OG1VSkZUYll4VWNzRnpLdkJuZXdWVVF1VjJiekZYZU5CRlJySkdiNXBtYXZNak01NVVOeUIxZHZOSE9rNVdVdjRHZG45aVJUZDBiekZWUW5wRU14NG1SRDFHUnVWbWJEeG1UU2xrYXZGRFVCcDFVR3RHVTFsVVpWbEhjemtsV0NwRVQ0eDJaWFJrZUpkR2VVNVdkVWRHYVhwRVd5UW5Vek4zYkY5Mll4NUdhdVIwZHdwVmVGOVNXWDFFVnRGMlZ4OGtNTDkyTnZRMU5FcG1jcUZtVHpsbGI1TjNaUloyTXlwbmJ5VVVjSzFHY0hoVmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zAFt893.png" group-title="Music Channel", GO-RTV
http://?NE5FY0xSSGJsaG1SdjhtYlZwSGIzZ2paQ2RrYnlaM1N2VlhPMWtXWTR0V2RDNTBaWWQzUXhwbFR6OTJaVU5rUXhvR1prRkZacXBHZTNvV2M0WVRRMHAwVEtCRmN5Z1dSaFpIVXNwVmV5TjFRb1ZqYjVobGRVcDNMdncyS3l3VVd2c2lkMEZuUm9WblZ1aG1jSmxqYkZkMlVMTldNcWhVZHpWRlRZRnpicWgyVHdZVlJsaDJNM3AyTnVkamNKUkRUdXBrTnNCRFVEbEVTWXBtUXRoak1IUjFaMUFYZXY1VWU2bERlMmQzZDFWSE1OTkdSTEp6Y3o4U05oVldZb2RtZDFkM1RxZEhWV0pUTUlSV2I1UlZTMnNTVjFWRlZrSkRSNWhuWW5aRldvOUVkeFFYTzNNMFNxOUVUTkJ6ZG9oWFVKSmtVWXRrY1FsVGJ4a2plMnRrTUVsek1vSlhlNFkzU0ZOVGExSlVXMVExYnRWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Guitar Relax (Music)
http://?ckprWmFOamFqcEhNejgwTjRRbmFZWkZibGxtYTBKRFJvTkRNNDhXVEZka1R5TkRiWkprY3laa000UmxkUmwxY09kWFRpbG1aVVJVYlJaMFZLeG1ib0JsWXdnM1VGOTJkSWxHT0ZobmVHTnpZcEZHY3JoV2V2QVRXdjAyWXJsalcwSjBjc3hrWllKemJxNTJjaUJEVFNWM2JqVnpkc0ZqYVdKellKWmpjdHgwUVROMktodDJNRzlFZUhKVmR6QkhjRzVHZXRWRWJZZGpjdWxYVlhaWGVpWnpjWXBWUXJaRWJyZFZPMzFtUlVsM1pETjNLTlZIZUtWa1ltWldUMGxUT1AxVVFZSjNUMHdHWlVGMlpOVlRRU2xITTV0R1czSVZRTXBIZDN0V1dSUlViWlZtU0t0MmR4ZDNjV0pqTkRKSFowSnpVMjUyYnI1a2FrOUVadlpsZFVwR09aRm5VMXBuVTFJRGJYSlZXUGQyWXY5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Isai Aruvi
http://?bnQwTVZ4MFl5SjNkdHhHT3Q1a2QyWVdiMmNIV3oxbVNSbG5SaEJIUk9KamJadHlhTU4xVXZkV1Z6cFdSRTVXZHBkR2RweGtXcjFXYzNRbVlsaDJWM3BITkVSV2J5MVdSc2RHWm1kbWNsZERaMVUxS3JwbFl2WlRjdHRtVHBOWFpySVVjMGduVXJkbFVwRjBSM2t6TVE5MmE0RlhheE1UZW9ORk5uQm5WdUowYjBrR1U0NVdhT2RtVlZWRWNVUkVTbzl5TXZSVlpoVjBNNUkzTjRVVmVxOWlkbkoxWjFNWFQ1ZG1ZMDkyWTI4V1pyWkhWck1WZXFwbVI0ZEVaNUoyTmxsM1k0MTJUM0ZXY1h0VWFpbGtkc3BHYTRKbGR6RlRXaVZuY3cxa1pyTmxhaXRFZDFwblFuWlRTenAwTDRZWE9XVkdUMnBrZHJOVlI0bEZPcE5sVzZKVGJ3a25SeVVrUVhObGMzMGtXWXBsTm5SVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://myshowtime.net/webtv/channels/jalwaa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jalwa
http://?PWdtU3pBbFRERnpjdzhtTk1GamJ4TmtNMWNYTkdOWGJXaGpNTVoxYTJoR1c0MTJWelZETTFRMlJCQkhNUHRVY3dRVWM1MVdOT0ZWZTRkalRESm1URzlXU1FSek5DNTJjelYxYXNGVFQwZDFZVGxIVEhWblU0UXpNczlpY0ZoRmJoeFVkcWQxYzRobWJXUlhXcTVXVTFjVGJxbDFRTFZEYTZWVmI2OUNNdXAyUTBwblFqSmthT05EUmtObFNwOVNXQ1JuU3NOSGRuSjFOdzFVYXhBRE1GWmxidHRpU0JoRE1EVkhkNXBGZUhSbmFQaEZVdGhtVjVKMU1RZFVTbVpYY3A5R09yZEhhV1JGU2toMVJyaGpRMWdqVUsxbVVaRlZjd01tZUNSbmF4VlZk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.jhanjartvindia.com/images/Jhanjar_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar HD
http://?PVVYTzBvVk9HWmtlQ1JEWnlVblNuOTBUc3hXV0JoMlVqOVVUcGhWZHZNMkx4bGtjd1oxYzBZWE1QZFdZbVJuWU5sa2UxUjFZanR5Y3ZSbWM0dHlUb0ZYVnlJMVRJdDBhMUIzZFZWVlQ0aDNkWkJuV1lGWGRCaFZhU0YzZGhKRVN1eGtldFJWT1Fkekw1Z25ZR0ZuZE9oVWV2VXpSTmxUT290bVo1WjFRdGRIZFNGamRzOVVid01UT09sVVlvTkRlTnBrZUM1R1M0RkZkRmgzYjNza1laeDBTc2xYVmtKelozeG1UelJWWW5GVWMyNG1UNGgxUzFGM2J6UUZWSFpYVHNoV2N6b1dkd3BGUjUwRVJ4bHpWeE1GVEZobk1MUmxURU56Ykxaa1lVcDFS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar Music
http://?NGxETmFsalJHbG1RMFFtTTFwMGRQOUVic2xWUTROMVlQMVVhWXAzTGo5U2NKSjNiV05ITjJGelQwRm1aMEpXVEpwWGRZOXljTDlFZHk4V1VFaFdXc2wxS3lZalM0b25ZSHgwUWlaRGV6MFdieVJGVnY1VU1VcDJSeWhIUzNoVmVxVm1hVUJWTnU1VWI2WkVORWhXYVdOM2ROMVdObE4yZEpOR2RYbG5RMkprWUZSVE9RWjNkdkExS2g1R2Q2aHpSM01UVm5kMVk2TkhONUlIY1BGRlpueDBib2wzVVBabk15QkhTMk1VTlRKbld1WmpSTFYxYnBKelV3bzNWc2hXZFhkSFROQkhVNE16UnMxa2EyTXpSV0JqZXpCVFlXWlhSeDVXTm1SVlJhbGthWkZYVzBNVmJ0TldiemtEV3FSbmQwZGpOTGRqYnZFVldSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NMw1xRRp/Kadak-Hits.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?NEYyTVFkM1NZdDJTcUprYU5kbWRtTlZOdkp6YnhwbWN4UVhjaGxHYnZJVmQzeEVhUU5WZDFwbk0xZDFNVzEwWVFSblNvWnpadHhHYWlSWGRZSlhXelZVVFZ0Q1Y0Y1dOTUZEY0NSVGVtMTBWdVJITnF4RVdMaGxTeG8yUkwxRU1KeDBaa2htYjJsblF5OWlSTnAyUk5kblNZcEZjdjVXZDJKbFJGSkRNdDkyZEVwRk11ZFhlUGhrUzBJWGNpbERkeEluTXdKRFNWSjFaMHgyTkpCM1JQOVVhMFYxVjVFVVUxWlVhWXhFV3VsV1RyOGthakZsZU10R1RTZDFNdEJWVm1SMWJSUlhXSEpXUnJSM2NYVm5Oc1oyYjQ5aVo1ZEdaQzlHU3lsemJ2TWtiUnAzUkNObmV3WmxhVUZYUXdVM0tvTjFkcHRrYkhaRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?eUYyTVFkM1NZZDNTcUprYU5kMmRtTlZOdkp6Ym9wbWN4UVhjaDVHYnZJVmQzeFVhUU5WZDFwbk1zZDFNVzEwWVFsbVNvWnpadHhXYWlSWGRZSlhXcVZVVFZ0Q1Y0MFdOTUZEY0NSelptMTBWdVJITjV4RVdMaGxTeEkzUkwxRU1KeDBaa2htYjJsblExOWlSTnAyUk5CblNZcEZjdjVXYjJKbFJGSkRNcTkyZEVwRk11QlhlUGhrUzBJbmVpbERkeEluTTZKRFNWSjFaMGwyTkpCM1JQOWtiMFYxVjVFVVVzWlVhWXhFV3VwWFRyOGthakYxYU10R1RTZDFNM0JWVm1SMWJSSlhXSEpXUnJSSGFYVm5Oc1oyYjE5aVo1ZEdaQzlHU3lsemJ2TTBaUnAzUkNObmU0WmxhVUZYUXdrMktvTjFkcHRrYkhaRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mncchannels.com/files/logo/1440755188_logo_mnc-karaoke.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/C53XtK5f/zaltv.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?M2gzY0Y5eWFQVlhSMnhrVWpCbGU1bzJiVVowYnMxMlRZVldScmNHTXc4U1Ezb0hicmhGVE5CSFU0WlRPek0zS3psMlRyTmtVRFpXZDExRVdacEVWdWxtYjMwMlVVeEdSM2d6VHZJMWRUOTBkUVJ6YTI5eVVCVkhUWmxuUVdKMGRuRlRkSHBIZUNsRU5uZFdRVkYxUUpwM2JIRnpibmhYZURKbFp3VlhVeU4yTTRnbVM1RlhSaE5sV29WMGQycEhTMWNtWjJoRWFEOVVXd3hXWmpkMGNNNW1lMkpFT3N0RVI2TlZXeUYzUWxOSE14bG5ZMXhrY01wVU12Y2xNcWRuVUZKVFdLdEdUdzhDVUcxbWVXNVdjcUptVndKMVRZcDNVdEJIZWg1RVYxWUZiTDVFT0dKRFVvZFdXWkp6WU1OSGUyTVVUWWxIYlVoVFdCZG1SbmxUUU05U2F2Y1dSdll6TVJGbGN1WkdaV2RsU3Y5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7v8wmsb/7H8WKei.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kral Pop TR
http://?MFpqV0Rka1V4UjNkMkVuUk5WMVp2OFdSaEZUYXpWVmVtRlZjdjhHZTJzU2R1Qm5lV3BFZUZ0Q2Q0eFdaYXBGVm5SWGI1NFdOb0YwYjY1V1M1Y2tVNWxWVEZaMmJueDJheVZEUkJGSGNzRlVhTlZFVnZ4RWNCcGxWRjFXTjRja2Q2TkdjSlZqUVBkR2VwSlRlWEJWTWg1MktEUm1VM0ZsZVlOM2R3VW1adlpYTXFaVVpTaFhPbmRHZDZSV2RQTlhVdmNVTnlGMloyWUdWaHAyY0poSFY0UUhhbmRGZVhkSGRuSlVRSFYwU01oMmJZOUdWcXAyYXhNamJxUmpVc1pGVHpra1RaSlhWc1pGU3JFRmNEaGxVcEowZG9sMU42aERieFZuVFN4VU93aGtjWk5HTjFFbFZ0aHpNT3hrYWlWblkxa1VZT05sZXlWR1ZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kronehit HD
http://?MVJGVDRrV2FCWlhkVWRFZVJaRmRHcFZNcngyTnhsWGNLRmxjd2ttU3BCbE56SjNkVGQxVWE5U1J4VkVVVEYzVDFoV2NrbFVVdkVtZFJkRk5zSmpVcmRrY2xCVGJGSlhVblpYYXpOM2RMaDFOQ0ZtWjQ5MmNtOTJiV3RXY045U1UwYzNkTVZsVjU4eVJ1WmtOTTVXWk5ObmEzVm5ielkyWmx0MFN5TWthdWxtVWg1MFNqRkhaclJuUWxWemIxZ1diMkowZHJWMVlOTkRPclZuZU5SVGN2Y0ZkTDFVYmo1MFFzSldXTHRFV21oSGJZTnpVVzFVYlRKMmJ5SVRVc3QyTDFSMUx4azJRMmRUTTFjRWN2YzJiTHQwTjAxMGFYRkdXMmtIUlVORWRyNVdhTDFVU3JCek13aEZPc0oyS3lvSGFoVkVUcTFHYmtaRWRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/q6K4S0N.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kuriakos Music
http://?cjVHTmk1R1p6MW1RbzVHY3VORmNWUmxjNEVsYjRSRmJvdGtVMG8zWjFSVFF5c1VjeDRtYVRsVlY1OW1ZVDlrYW5KWGN3SlVkV3BtY0NSemFOTlZadkJqVXBkbGF3bEhOckZYTXhrRGF4OUNkclFYYXdWMWRYcFhaT1JuY1NwbGJ4azBhQkZ6VTZKbWJ6ZFZNelJUVlJkWGMwVURTd0JWYXdBVGVURjBZNjFXWnBWV1ZWeEdjNDVrVFBabGN4eDJVNUpITXhKWFZEVmtOM01IWkVoR05qQm5iUjVXWnNaM0wxVkZaQ2hVVEpwV2FGTjBLUjFtZHo0VWFReFVjMjFXTVZobk12bEhTTlJsUXFkR2EzUlRWMzgwWXJSV1F5RTBSSjUyYXhVVU41UTBaeXRXVEk1V1c2MWtOaUpHZUZaSE9FRm5kbjFXY1ZwMmMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/lamegaworldwide/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", La Mega Mundial
http://?MkZrZXMxR08wVUhVUU5FZTFwV2RoNTBkb0puV3ZaR01DRlhadU5YWklSME1tMW1hT1ZWU0tobVJ3bGpaRk4wS014bVVWaG1WMGRXYzM0VVNURlVTNnhFV0gxV2RIeEdhUmhIVFFWMmJxTlhVdlpWV3RkemNhZFRPSXBYWU9oa1VVeEViWDVrUmxsVFd2WlZTVU5GTVVoSFRuQjNWSVptYVRSbGJuOWlOc0ZtWUpaSFZOeG1RTXhXWnNsWGREWkRNYTVXWnZoME4wWjJRUHhXTk9sVFQzTURkdDVtVUlwRU41TmxTNUJUZXhnMlJrUjJiMngyWnhva2N0VlZSbmRUUTFNbVdyaDNRM2tVVVh4a2RwcGxTTlZuTXF0RVVEZFZlRlYzTnZZbFQxZ1dhTFIxUUpWSGV1dDJjTFZXYmlWWGVIcDJTM0JUYVZWSE1ESlZVdVZUYUtOVlNtaDNZMElGYXpJVWF4UTJSSGhrUXdOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", LiveTV HD
http://?dFpIZFBCRFYzaEdWd05EVnpZVGMwTTJjMzFXYXBoMFppUjFjaHAzVmtoamV3a2plSUowWUJKa2IzZDNURHhrUTRvMlkza0RhNW9YYnVOa2VCSkVkek5HU3hkVWNTZDJLRmx6TU9aMWRvbHpNUU5XT3ZORk5rUmpSNWsyY1FWbWFrUkRiNlJEYXJkSGUwZFhjM2wyUlloM1NLTlZOck5sYmp4VWVyUlVlcTVXU3ZKVVJ0dEdOS05GU1dKVGR1NUVUMVZHY25wWFFSaDNMeFEzS2pSelRvWldjRnAwY3prR1J6WkRadnhrTXNoMlp2b2xNS05FYUpGR2FDOUVjcE5UVFZKa1kxb0dVdkJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/34/Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg/1200px-Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", M20 Musics
http://?cUprZExKVFdCVlhPeTgyZFFGelpuMVVPNElXZHJCelNWVkhjdmsyWjJCVlJVSkRhMEFYVXdzQ082bG1jellUYkZCM1RzVjFVUWRIY1NsMmRzUm1ieU5YVDZsVGN1aEhNM1pHVHBkamRrUjBOeFowVHFoMFZOdFVOeUFIZHc4MFNESlhiNElHY0tsMGF6MVVORXBsZWlGWGUwSjBUTmxrZW1aek4yZERPMkZHY1RGekxGWkhlalJWWVlkVGMydDBaQ0YxTDRSRFd0ZFVTeUluZFNGa1ZzcEdkbnBtYVRkbFp6bEdNNFFsZXpwbVV3SkdOeFpsZHVkR2UxWWpXczVVT05obFRIcDJRRVJFTW5sRmFTSmxaclVIYm5WRFZFMUdSTkJIVzVZWFlScFhlbzVXVFpaRVZvcEhiNWRrTmFOblZraFVSQlJWY0JKVFpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M2O IT
http://?b2RVYnRkblZFRlhNQlYzU0J0RWUwRUVhRkJqVjQxV1lEVkdXcjRHTVRwa1JqZEZlWmgxYnVkbFp5aEVNWFIxUnNKblZxeEdXM0FqZHdJRld1ZHpNNlZYUXhwbGVraFhiWGxsWlhaMGNYNWtaMkpHZXZCM1NsTm5Rd2cyS0ZwbmR1Wm1kSnhHY0JOVGEyUm5UcEptYUVGSFNQVmtjVmgxYnV0U1ROTkZUd2hqZXRCVFUyZ0dUbTFHVlpsbWNHZDBOeFVITzJWM2I1WkVOM3dXWXZwblVxUmtlbkptTUpOMFF1bERkVWxGY3JnWFd0RlRPR1pUYVJWMU1sbFdNdEZsV3BGbGJVdDJLekZsZTRaV2JrdFVkR0ZITncxMk1qaFRibjlHVmpWRmRIWjFkRGhuYkxaRGFzcEVjM1ZIV0pkM1oxRW1Sc3gwYlVabVVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", m2o TV (Music)
http://?MkprZExKVFdCdFdPeTgyZFFGemNuMVVPNElXZDRCelNWVkhjdmsyWjJCVlJVSkRiMEFYVXdzQ08zbG1jellUYkZoMlRzVjFVUWRYYVNsMmRzUm1iNk5YVDZsVGN1ZEhNM1pHVHBkVGRrUjBOeFowVHFoMFZOdFVOeUFIZHc4MFNESlhhNFVsY0xkWGN0TmtUbDVVV3paWFU0WVhXSWxUYVdWV1lTbFZVM1pFZXpwbVRhWm5aRWhVT0dCbmVTTm5aeVlYVTZOVE8yZEZPemNXVmxKa05yZGpiclkzS21wRWV2UkhiamhYTUhKSGJ3VWxTVHAyWnJWVVMyUVZUMFoxZFhwWE15Z0dTd1FVVFA1RWUzWWxjeVoxUnFkbU12ZFhPc0ZuWkVKbk1PWjBkT0ZtZDJkWGUyRkRTMEltYUxsblZ6WkZiSWRUZW1WM01NWlhjcDVXYkVaMmRNSjNRR3htVDZKMGNScGtjSzUwYXhsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M4 Malayalam
http://?PWNYUllGMWFYMTBkMFpHZTNObFI0dDBTSWRtU09oM1ZFQnpORGhWZVlOeloxUjBTdGxWVGtCVmQwY21VUjFFUmFkbmF4Qm5jM1JuUXVoRmJHUlZReWRYY0xkbVd2RmpheFVqWVNwR1V0ZEhVSkpFTVA5V1ZVRlZSSFJsY1VCMUswWTFjbnAwY1NObWNsaG1NVkpEUzRjMmM1aEVleWNUZXZWbmRISjFUUGhHYnVkM0xGVjNhc2REWnVKbld4NVdSWmRsU0pGM1VyY3pTamRIY01OMVlQSkdObkZGTVc5R01VVm5TekZWYXdsMWFPeDJNUEZVYjZoR1VCcFZOdmtXV05Oak0zQm5kamRqUzNnMEs1cEdaVkpqWXRKblQ1a0dhUFYyWlFObU1JTkdP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/QZQhg6C.png" group-title="Music Channel", Magic TV
http://?PU1uUXZWelR4VlZiVXRpTWxKSFpzMWtVcXBsWlk5V1EyUlVUeVUxZDRVall1WkdlNnBHWjRGMlVWOVdaQk5YYTVGbmF1Rm1UU2hYTW5sRVppbDBadWQyTFRCVE4wRURkaXBXYlNWVWJzOUNPTDUyUWxwM2FaNTJSUEpYYnlJM1JsVkdlc2RIYUZkV2NIZFhTaU5VV3ZKbWFJaFhkV3BIV3FGV1lCRlVOM2xuWjBWSE5ydzBhM3QwYndFVVZ4dHlZeXMwTmpkM1JReFdTM1kyYnc1R2JVOUdhM2wzS3JnWGJ4MVdPUEozZEVkemM1UVdXMUYyWTJwbVFKRjJORkpuV3dWRE9KVmplMHNVTnI0VU8wVlhjWUZGY3p0V1FUUm1hUkZHZDVJelZRVmxT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3gXQutG" group-title="Music Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?enBtVTRwM1V3bDNjMWNWVDRVRWR1TmxlM2hEY25oWFRUTlZPM2QzY29CVlNrMW1ldkYwVUZaVFp6ZDJRNDhVVFlSM2NobHpZUmQzZGhaM1JyUVhSMjFXWTQ4RU5WcDJUejUwTkNWbmJJZEVaV05uYXdaV1ppTjJOMkozY1dCWFphOTJjdU5WVjBCVlYxSkZXUTlTWVlsbVMxQkZUTVZVYXhNVFoxbG5NdnAyYlBWR1VVZFhXMkJWY2pwV2F5RUVWeEVtWnFkRFJDUlRNR0JuYkVGbFVRbGtjTTlFV1c5MFYxOTJWemx6TWx0bVF4UkZXclZsZDUwbWQwOVdTcGRYZXdoMGFJSm5RaUpUWTFNV2VGTlRZSWhUZTJwbmEwQlhUYTFtUjZwbU54MEdhUVZqZU1kMmRzMVdVWmQxYmtKblRDQkhVMHNtZHNaMFpqaGxib3BYUTNkMVNLcEhOSnRHVnNwV2ExVjJNemdGWnlkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mastiii
http://?eHQwTVZ4MFl5cDJkdHhHT3Q1a2MyWVdiMmNIV3IxbVNSbG5VTGhYV3dWME5wbEVlU0JUYTM0VVR5NUdVMUUxS1FSM053ZHpZdkYwY3hjSFd2UUdib0ZsVU5OWFFpMTJWR0pIY1poSGNydFVWSTlXVTRSVlNCcDBOVUIzWVdWWFlPOUVhVDFXVVRoRk1uaEdVcFJUYlo5Mll4RlVaUWhWZTFnMVJSaDBkdloxTVY1bVJ4Z25UdE4wTnBWbmNxWkZWeVpqYTRSMWRocGtWcVJuTjNJM1YwY0ZhYXhrWXp4MlNwbDBiamhIYkgxV1RIcG1ieEUwYXZjMmQzczJNdHAyUU9GRE12MDJVNGdXZUJsMmJaRm5aSGhsVzZSVFVQRmxVdEJuUUtaa1I0ZHpjQzFXZHd0V053OXliMEoyU01oV1k1bGtTT2hFZE90V1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/t8CpYpP/LcUYuJ5.png" group-title="Music Channel", Med MuzÃ®k
http://?PWduTjFORk8yTWxld3RVWXdRa1cxdFVPNU1VZXNGblp0dDBOMHBGYTNoVFpWTlhOd1J6VEhOalI2TkhlbHBuZDRoVmNETm1VdjhFT29GbmRLRjFRb0JuVjVOVGVOTm5keTBFTjRWamV1VlhVcm9sYlNSSFd2cEdWNVVEZDJjbFpEbGxXd2xGVGlWa1pxaG1hRTltZTVSVmVJUldaaDl5TjJkSE9SaGtOV05YVHE5bWJ4aEVlWmxIVHhnVll4TmpUQ3htWjExbVJGUlhhRkpFZENoa013OFNhMVJUT2hWbE5pbFhTVEpWUUhsVWVEZDJLRnRXWTVKRlN1UlVhSTFXVm5oa1UzdEdjc3RXVHJsVVFvcFhPMjlpWXVKSFJLbFdWWnAzYTJwV1l4ZEVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mk Tunes
http://?NnQwTVZ4MFl5SjNkdHhHT3Q1RWEyWVdiMmNIVzMxbVNScDNiMFlIVXZnVlFZTmtkR1IwTmFCVE41NWtTa3hHVmF0R1J5WTJWcjgwYnFORE5GaGphcjFrYmFkSGRxWm5UMFJ6VkVkM1o1NFVXV2xtZDFsRmVPTm1NNEluVXA5MEt3UmthckYzTmxKSGIzQnpScUpYT1NsbmJSZERkblYzY3hRVFQyQXpTM3R5Vm10aWJadDJWMWwxTFBobWR0TjNTMk4wS3NOMVZ2WURjdGRtZVVGMWJqWkZla0ZXVFg5R080cGtTNFJGVTUwV2RzSlZSRjEwY3Q1bVUyVVhjeGhWWjFCVGR1NVdXUEpFTWx0V2QwTkdXNlYwTDFka014VURXVlZYUlVSMmQxUlRjSkZUUjNORE4zaDFOMU1VZE1sbVZNMVdiMVJuYlZaVlcwZFZUeWRuVU90R2QwcG1XdkFUUmhwVWRFVldVUUZtYzMxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GPPBEiZ.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?NWgwTkRwbVNvVjNRNGxUU1RoWGM1RURaaFp6ZHdwMGN2TTFLMVFYWTNVMGN5VjBhaHhFU1hkamR2RjFUbFZqZVdobk1CUlZNcGRGZGtOM052RW5jdmhIT2lKRE00VTNVbFJYU2hsR2Eyc1dVc0ZuUjVoR1N6UmpNbmxHYTVsRVJOTkRicjVHUzQ0MlNwSlVSUFIzUnFWSFVZcG5TcGhFYkZSVWJ2RVhPNnBXWjZWWGVsRm5SNEFYZDQ5bWVYVkdNd3NrUW90U1N3RkZVR3BYY3ZkRmE0cFZkVkZUWk5kRE9uRjFiSk5WYXpoWE8xbGxRMnAxWjA0V1ZIRm1TekZrV09CamJycDNZMTQyUXVSa2V2dDJOenBtUXJsVmFSSlhaeWxIT0haR1paMUdlVHhVTUtGRmN1cGtSRE5VYXhRM1VLMW1aNGswY1lKMVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/220px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?PUFuU3pBbFRERmpldzhtTk1GamIyTmtNMWNYTkc1V2JXaGpNTVpWZTJoR1c0MTJWdVZETTFRMlJCaEdNUHRVY3dRa2U0VnpjeEExVW4xVVJwTlhOSHhHTmpsbWFaOW1kUnRVY3NCRGF5MWtleWhqUzFwM1lzWlZVd01sYlBkMmNwUjNNd1pYWTJabVZ5c1dWdVJXYTBVbGN0bG5VWlpHYm94MFJpSm1adHBuVXpjVU1qZGpjTTVXY25Kbll1UmplVWhtWk9sWFp4WkZjaGxEYjZGM2FYTlVUb1IzY3ZwbGFUaFdaamQzTVlGRmF2VjBiclFuY29CSGRDWlZSWGQyWmtsbGV0SjNiYXAxUlhSVVIzZDNOSFYwVnJZSFJXbDJja1pFY2t4VVNrdDJj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?d2gwTkRwbVNvaDNRNGxUU1RoWGE1RURaaFp6ZDBwMGN2TTFLMWNXWTNVMGN5VjBjaHhFU1hkamRwRjFUbFZqZVdsbU1CUlZNcGRGY2tOM052RW5jcmhIT2lKRE00ZzJVbFJYU2hsbWMyc1dVc0ZuUnJoR1N6UmpNblpIYTVsRVJOTnpacjVHUzQ0MlM1SlVSUFIzUnFGSFVZcG5TcGhVZUZSVWJ2RVhPeXBXWjZWWGVsWm5SNEFYZDQ5R2NYVkdNd3NrUXJ0U1N3RkZVR3BYY3ZkRmE0cEZlVkZUWk5kRE9uRjFiSk5WYXp0V08xbGxRMnBsZTA0V1ZIRm1TNUZrV09CamJydDJZMTQyUXVSVWV2dDJOenBtUXRsVmFSSlhaeWRHT0haR1paMUdhVHhVTUtGRmM1cGtSRE5VYXhjMlVLMW1aNGswYVlKMVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Beats HD
http://?NEYyYlNSamJGcEhONDBtU3pRelp0UjJjaUpUVzV4RVJzaERPMDgySzBrblFFeFVkNlZWY3V0RWJvcDFSamQwYjQ0V2FhaEVXMWxtYzMxbU5RSlZRckoxY3ZjbmFEWkhOMmcxVHZOV2JZNTBNbk5tVnJWMEtqWkhWVVJYU1BGbE00TkRkUWhqYzY1MGNvUjNMNTQwTG5kSE5acDBVWGREYXJrelJQWldVMkZWTWxkWFkybzNLUFJHUnhjR2N5ZzNMejRXVHIxbWFXeDBTVXBYT1l4MFZNTjJaa05XVUhaR2F1RjFReHNXUk9kM1VzSjFTaVpqZFdsM1lMMVVZMmRYTjRzMlNqUkhVNXBYYTRnM1p6dzBWSjVrYTFWR1RGUm1ZckFuYnZVRk50ZERib0ZXZHkwV2R4RkdUU2RsU0xaM1Z6dzJhWmxHYmFabmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Biggest Pop
http://?b2RWUkxOMGRQcFdUSWxWT1psbGRCbGtVek1UUjRObmRIdHliVGxtTndobWF4aG5kS0ZGUjBWek4xSjFTckIxUlN4R2RwVlhRaEZtZUxORWNzMTBVeVpXYVB0a1ZRQm5XQkpETzJWVWRxSjNhRWQxTHRSbFFrNUVWVlpYVFF4MFJHVkdickJYZHlRa1QxSmxiVmhIY3BkMlR0UkVTTjFrZXFCWFdPOWlhcU5EY2hoblFVNW1UbGRXZXZWRGNXWnpicU5sVnNKWFR6aGpURDVHZE1sSGFVVmplM0UwYVk1VWN3SkVSd2RGZGpwbVY2RnpjcnhFYXJOMmRzTjBZc2gxYUxoM2M0azJjTE4xTWlwSGJJcDFiVGhET3cxVVF1dFVPU2RYVklOVU8wcGxjNWNVWWs5VWR6RnphMkVqVkVGbldLRlhjRTFVYVJwSE5RcFVXMWxVWlBKMExITjNiNUZGV0dWM2MxSlVTcTlrYXoxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Block Party
http://?c2RWUkxOMGRQTlhUSWxWT1psVmJCbGtVek1UUm9ObmRIdHliVGRtTndobWF4aEhlS0ZGUjBWek4ySjFTckIxUlNSSGRwVlhRaEZXYkxORWNzMTBVNFpXYVB0a1ZROW1XQkpETzJWVWJxSjNhRWQxTDJSbFFrNUVWVk5YVFF4MFJHVkdkckIzYXNaRlcwWm1WWTlFVlNaWGNxRjFhSk5HZXZrMU1hSm5hdlJXTngwa2RGaDJSR3RTVzE4MGM0WVZZcllVT3V0eWJXVkdUMWsyY3ZCblZoWlRhMWNXWlFoR1VzeG1TVGxFT1BwWFZXZHpVSjVVYTNFMVRIZFdUcU4zTXhrM2R2QW5UUkZHVVF4R2FRRkVkc0JIUndsVWN5OUNTUnBuZU9obFZ6bG5idjgyWmtkalR5aHphVWhsYUp4bVVIWm1ZR2xqY1lWRWJpbEdPdkJUV0dkSE9xbFdXV1IyY1JsRmRLTlRVRkozVXhOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Spankin' New
http://?c2RWUkxOMGRQeFdUSWxWT1psVmFCbGtVek1UUnRObmRIdHliVE5uTndobWF4aG5kS0ZGUjBWek4xSjFTckIxUlM5R2RwVlhRaEZtZUxORWNzMTBVcVpXYVB0a1ZRbG5XQkpETzJWVWVxSjNhRWQxTHdSbFFrNUVWVnRXVFF4MFJHVjJaclpuUTNKalFwdENVc2QyUkV4R1oxbDNUd0VEYTJsVWF1UkdhM1IxYkZobmEzaG1WMFZHY1NsRWFpZEZlQkpGT3ZKVWJNNVdRNGdYTld0VU9LTmxiRUozY0NGV1oxWkdadGRHVXk5V2Q1Wm5WTVpHZWxsVk1VbFdkdVZEYXJsbFNHZDNLUGhuVUc5MGNteFVZdjlDZXBSalp1VmpTaHAzYzNVR1JDVlViMW9YY1h4RVR4cFVUSkpIY1AxR01yTURiQkZHZVRwa2FxSjNUMGxVUjBJRmFDeG1VblYzTU1KMWQ0QlRPMlluVTBWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV WMA
http://?MGRWUkxOMGRQaFhUSWxWT1psVmFCbGtVek1UUnFObmRIdHliVEJuTndobWF4aEhlS0ZGUjBWek5zSjFTckIxUlNCSGRwVlhRaEZHYkxORWNzMTBVdVpXYVB0a1ZRSm5XQkpETzJWRWNxSjNhRWQxTDFSbFFrNUVWVmxYVFF4MFJHVjJicnBXWVNoalQzaFhZRVZWZHhvR1dWZEhlb2hUYzVrM1lEaEdPejEwWnZWVlRQaEhhWEJYWXJkMlp6aFhScVIxVXlsalZKVkdieWdtZUdGVFlxVlZkUmQwYlRabWUzZG1hVVJtVTBaM2RqUjNUMEJIYkZOblZ2WVZZMTVrWUZWVk5ObG1WSGRqVHE1MmN2eDJjaU4yVXVWMVlFSmxSRWRHZWs5a1pMRnpkMUIxVTZGalZ4SlRPckFWYndjV1UwY2pXM2xIZTBZMFVSUkVaeWQwYTBwRWNoSkhTd0VWUUhkamVNbFZUcHBVU3dOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV YO!
http://?dGRWUkxOMGRQdFdUSWxWT1psRmNCbGtVek1UUnpObmRIdHliVGxuTndobWF4aDNhS0ZGUjBWek5uSjFTckIxUlMxR2RwVlhRaEZHYUxORWNzMTBVc1pXYVB0a1ZRZG1XQkpETzJWa2JxSjNhRWQxTHJSbFFrNUVWVjFXVFF4MFJHVldhcjFXVVFObGFzcG5VMU1IZHg1MlN2TUZjREJIYUpwR1VQVmpZNmwzY2hGbVdRSlhiaGxWTjFZRGJYUmtjUVIwZDRsRVN3dzBadEZYWVRaRmJYTlZiWDFFWjVSbVRxSnpZdlpIUllObk4xOUNkWXR5ZHJvV1lobG1abkYwVkRkMmI0ZEdXa3RXTmp0VWF6ZFZNM0oyTXYxR1cyOEdSUnhXTTNZME5NRm5kS0IzTDI0VVE2Tm5jeVpHVjFnMmN5RmxOelVHZEx4a1EwNUVkNGwyYTNSa1pDZEdjbGgxZHNkbmNEUkVkTlZVWW9GVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/music-box-russia-logo-6A5FA79FB5-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Box Russia
http://?PThtU3pBbFRERnpidzhtTk1GamJ1TmtNMWNYTkdwWGJXaGpNTVoxYjJoR1c0MTJWMFZETTFRMlJCbEdNUHRVY3dRRWI2TnpOckluTnBKVmRySlRjMkFYYVY1MExaTnpkMEpsZXZGRVQ0bGpVaEZEZVNsbmNLSkVVMHR5YnhvMmI1OFNjclIxY1JGRE1hcFhPU1JGT3hvVmR3UVVPeVZUVHlkMFE1bDFkUlZIVDJ0V09aTlZha2hVWVI5Q1U0SmxXUWRVUjI0V2FuRlZicDEwYURWelVsZFhSNmwwZGlCVlJJcDNMbWhtYVhOSGEzc1ViajFtTXVSM1Z4QWpVamhYVFdkMWEwa2tiR3BFVFpGRFZxVkRSWTEyTm1sWGI0RVVWb0YxYmpOSFVZWmti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRgvj4c.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Channel
http://?NFpYVTQ0V1JRRlhSeFFtTWE1RWVzSm5kNlpEY3kxME01MFVWVlZIZE1aRU0zTWphcm8xTVVGbFkwaG5NVmxUU2loV1VDRkdkMHRDY201MGRqaFZldmRtYkRSbFpGeEdkckIzUTNaWGNRaFZlb2gzU3VSWGFRRm1Rc2htWXdWRFJOWlZiajlVZXZwVlJ2SmxUelpIYUJsWFJMeDJSeVZFZVBkbmJ3UWpVcE5rU1hGRlowZFdPVmRrY3dKR2QyOGtjcVZUWm8xbWFsTldTUzltVk5oekx0UjFaQmxHVkxsbFk1ZGxjdkZUYTZ0MmF6RWpUVzUwYWhSVVpWbGxUMHBuVks1bVdOSlhhUHhtVGxoMWR4WlZPQmQwTDFGalRwbHphTTlXUVZwSGV2MTBhbjkyUXpvM1owNTJjRUZFTVZwblNPcFhOeGxXZTUxV2MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?M0pXTWpSVVdpcDNaeXNHYjVVVmJNeG1TeXcwWm9sRGRucGtUMEozTnJOR1N5RlhjeklHYnlFRFU2Sm5NeWxVU0dObmE1SkZhU0ptZXJjak5GUjFMclJIV0VkRlZ4ZFdRRVYwVWpsRWRYaERTVk5rZDBOMmJpNWtZSEZuV3ZFVGIySWpkTFpUZEdGR1M2RlRkWmhUU1VsR1pxRjNkSVpGYVpwV1k2NTJUNVpVYllsR1ZDUjNaSGxITWtGbGNyMW1WdDFFUm9aVlR6cGtReGdtYXhFV2VxVlhjRE5tV0doR1IzTm1ha1JuUUt0V1kzcFdkTUJqYkdoVVFyRmtZdWQxTVJ0aVZEZG1VU1ZFVHVGVmM1WVVkR0ZETXBka05PVjBjUHBuV3dJSGNySW5hMnhtZDJOWFd3SjBMd0ZYZTRKWFNhZFVlaEZGYnlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DJhTTmR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?MkpXTWpSVVdpbDNaeXNHYjVVVmRNeG1TeXcwWnBsRGRucGtUMGwyTnJOR1N5RkhleklHYnlFRFU0Sm5NeWxVU0d4bWE1SkZhU0pXYnJjak5GUjFMeVJIV0VkRlZ4aFdRRVYwVWpsRWNYaERTVk5rZG9OMmJpNWtZSGhtV3ZFVGIySXpjTFpUZEdGR1N3RlRkWmhUU1VCSFpxRjNkSVpsZVpwV1k2NTJUeFpVYllsR1ZDaDNaSGxITWtGVmNyMW1WdDFFUjFaVlR6cGtReGduYXhFV2VxVm5kRE5tV0doR1JwTm1ha1JuUUtsV1kzcFdkTUJEY0doVVFyRmtZcWQxTVJ0aVZEbG1VU1ZFVHVGMWE1WVVkR0ZETW5ka05PVjBjUEZuV3dJSGNySTNaMnhtZDJOWFd4SjBMd0ZYZTRwWFNhZFVlaEZsZXlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/618036953/music_india.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?PTRtU3pBbFRERlRkdzhtTk1GamJvTmtNMWNYTkdoWGJXaGpNTVpsYjJoR1c0MTJWNFZETTFRMlJCZEhNUHRVY3dRa2EzaG5ieUJUYXRaMlNoZEZVb3BHVHFCMU1pRkZhekpUVmFsSGJwMTJiREp6VjNZSFR6RnpOTTlpZE1WRU5EWldjdU5uWTRSblRNQlhldnRrUmxwMmF4bEVUelZVZHVWVlcxY1RiQmRuWnRabFVhTmxibHRHUzJKWFd3Sm1OWUZHY1hGM1FyUlRVWFJYZHd4MmRPeG1aNVJsYmlwR2V6eG1Ta1pYYzFKbGF3OFdUWWRqUXVKelp3VkdSa0ZYY3JaR2F6azFjbVpGYko5Q05uOVdabFJHZEhWblN6ZEVkTWhqY1MxbVV5b1hZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3h6yVaT" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?c0pXTWpSVVdpSjNaeXNHYjVVbGVNeG1TeXcwWjNsRGRucGtUMGgzTnJOR1N5RjNieklHYnlFRFU2Sm5NeWxVU0dwbmE1SkZhU0ptZXJjak5GUjFMc1JIV0VkRlZ4SlhRRVYwVUg5MmFCcG1OYWhFZXFkR2RsUlVWUDUyY3dwMmQ1ZzJidmxYWXd0V1FzdEdjNElsYWg5bVl4bFhjUTUwWjRKMVkzTmpab0owWTROMk5KZDNVRGRYVHJwMlpwOXlTSlJIVzBabVEzZEhldFpYTXdWM1pQZG5iemhVYll4R2IyTjNTR05YUVVsSE8wSmtOUGxtZW1GWGQzeFdXdmRGTUZ0VU0wOW1STWRsY2wxR2N6NTJZWk4yUnNkWFlUeEVUbGhYVmFablZXWkhhdGhqWWhwSFc2MUVhSFZuTjROWE5pbGpSd2RsYzQ1RWVWSlVUckowVUZwVWVIQlhjdlVtUUpKV2RUaHpZcUpIYng5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?bkpXTWpSVVdpaDNaeXNHYjVVVmVNeG1TeXcwWnlsRGRucGtUMGQyTnJOR1N5RlhjeklHYnlFRFV5Sm5NeWxVU0dCbmE1SkZhU0pXYXJjak5GUjFMclJIV0VkRlZ4aFdRRVYwVWpsVWNYaERTVk5rZHBOMmJpNWtZSGRtV3ZFVGIySVRiTFpUZEdGR1M0RlRkWmhUU1VOSFpxRjNkSVpWYlpwV1k2NTJUM1pVYllsR1ZDUjNaSGxITWtGVmNyMW1WdDFFUnlaVlR6cGtReGduYXhFV2VxVlhhRE5tV0doR1JuTm1ha1JuUUtKWFkzcFdkTUJUYUdoVVFyRmtZcGQxTVJ0aVZEOW1VU1ZFVHVGbGQ1WVVkR0ZETTJka05PVjBjUGxtV3dJSGNySW5hMnhtZDJOWFdxSjBMd0ZYZTR4V1NhZFVlaEZGYXlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music Mastii
http://?NXQwTVZ4MFl5MTJkdHhHT3Q1VWQyWVdiMmNIVzExbVNSbG5VTHhXV3dWME5wbGtlU0JUYTM0VVR0NUdVMUUxS1FOM053ZHpZdkZrY3hjSFd2UUdiM0ZsVU5OWFFpVjNWR0pIY1pobmNydFVWSTlXVXJSVlNCcDBOVVozWVdWWFlPOVVlVDFXVVRoRk1yaEdVcFJUYloxMll4RlVaUWgxYzFnMVJSaDBkdFoxTVY1bVJ4d21UdE4wTnBWSGJxWkZWeVpqYXlSMWRocGtWcXRtTjNJM1YwY0ZiYXhrWXp4MlNzbDBiamhIYkhwWFRIcG1ieEVVZXZjMmQzczJNMHAyUU9GRE12TTNVNGdXZUJsMmNaRm5aSGhsV3lSVFVQRmxVdEZuUUtaa1I0ZFRkQzFXZHd0V041OXliMEoyU01sWFk1bGtTT2hrY090V1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0gsamt5l40x1qgo/Music%20Top.png?raw=1" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?eVpIU0RSM013VTNUekpVVXlWV2R6RWpVelIzZHNka1E1UUZkRWwyVWxoemJDaGtjeEVGV3JvMGR4ZEdScmRFUzJrM1RTQmpZWXQwZHJGMFZJOWtSdWxUVG9SRVUzTUhWcmxqZDQ4eVoyUm5RMFlGTTU1V1RhUmxZekZIZHFGRGJVSm1hbTFVVlhwa002SlRWbFoxYW5obWNqUlRPNUozYUtoRWIyRm1jelpEVkoxMk0wbEdTNDBXTlVWR2VqNUVaejFtTnFsbFcyWVhZMEluYnpaektrMVVkd1ZFTTQ5bVFzQnpkNThDY0hoV1R3aEdXMjhTYXhGRVMwTm5ib0ZuTWgxa1p5UTNSSTFFYjA4RWV3Y1dOMmhsZTNkMUx0SldRclkzYVBaSGJ5VUZhRkZrVnpKek00WnpWVkpGY09CWE1yRkVUdDVVZVBaa1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?czlHVVJ0VVdPWkhjMloxTFRaRGFHbFVNQzlHTjVkM0ttdFViVWhIZXcxV1N2OEVhTHhFYklSVU16UmpiT1ptY1JGbmNySjBVakIxYzBOamNoQjFZd3hHZVZCelpTRkhSVGxuWnJBVmN6TlhRMElVTnBGMk41OTJhWjFtUXFCMUw1Z2plaDVrTTJGSE8wWnpLbmQzTm5OSGFIaFhZeXBsZTZaWE9xeDJZeUpWYkRWMFJYZFhNMVVVV09GVmJpbGpONWhYT3lCbGVWQjNZRDFXY3JZVGEwSUdhMU4wZHh4MFF1bDBRM1pEVklWM1N6NTBOaDVHYTUxR1ZUUldNMzlHVXVkWFRKTkhOYXBFZVFsRWJoMTBOTk5qYnhoV2U2SjBSR3BXTmpKWFp1OVdjeW8zU0NaRk5yNVdjeTFHTjZaM1NHaDJaWk5GZUwxRWNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music TOP
http://?dzlHVVJ0VVdPcEhjMloxTFRaamJHbFVNQzlHTjVkM0ttdFViVXhHZXcxV1N2OGthTHhFYklSVU02UmpiT1ptY1JCbmNCaGpObVoxYTRnbFFEWkhab1pqWlN0VVZ3Z21hRTVtY25aVmQxTkhhT1pXVng1bVRaQkZaNGQyWmpSSE5STkhhdUZIVndvM2JvRjNZemxrYTVjbk5aZGpkclFFYXlZelZEbG1Od1JEVjBKVGVwbDJheWduTjFnVmF5aDFidFpGTnpobVVZVlZZNWwyWnJKbmU2ZHpaNHBFY3N0Q2R5aGtabU5uV3Z3Mk5sUm1lVTlHZVZGalNKTjNWMVJGWjNrVlMxaG1VRFJUYm1SVGVWeFdPTk4zSzJGa00yUjNTT3BHTjNGVk9oVkRkRVptVFJCVmRvQjFVVDVrVkpGWFNaTjFkMk4xWnlZMEtvVkdPMGxVYUtGV2F2eG1WdUpGV2lkbWR3TTJTNlozYXdsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Musik Live
http://?PTRHU0lkbVEwUjNhTEJqZXZWbWF4SlRld0UwUjZsWE1PQkRWMElUYjA1a2FweEVWcEJUZG1KVmF1WkhkSmwwUzRnMmNtZFVhdVZsWnVaemN5OWlkVjVHVjBOR2UyUkhjaGgyUmFwRVIwSkhSd0lsYXBOWFZqcDFOM1YyYkw5VVZpVkROMnAxU3FabGVwZDJWREpqWUVwM2FLNWtjdUoxYXhwR1Z3eFVVWkpYVnJRalNIcGtjejhrWnpVV1YxUkRXTFZUWlJsM01UcFVjeUExYzRrRlZXaFdUemQzYUN0VVpVcDJMbnBuVHdkbGRyMDJaMGgyVG9aWGJVQjFUNWhYYnI1VWJtSlhkbHBrV2poVU42VlhZYVJVZDV3V2JVcFdXNE4wWlBkbVZySUhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.navahang.com/apple-touch-icon.png" group-title="Music Channel", Navahang TV
http://?MlpFU09aVk4zNUdUdWgyVU1GbGRtSkZlNUl6UXlWM2F6Y3pTaXBIVG5KalVpbG1iSDFFTlROWE4zaDFNYVJqTkt4MmRKZGxabVIyYzBzMlN5dGtkMmwxUWpKbVVJaEdWMVpVVUkxMGJVRmxNdlV6THpGRmFxSmxWMGtXVXJwRWE2WlhiSGxrVzJnWE8zVjNNbU4zVWtaM1UwVURlRmxIY0JkblY1Y3pNd2xYYkkxR05xQm5VelVVUnhRa2FsVm1aeEYwYnVwSFdWWnpVUGxuV0tSMGNGWjBjSFpqVHZFRE9yZDFMd3NpWVBCWE9wdGlkMU4zYVJwblRCZFRkeDVtZHBoRlVLaFhTMjBVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/pK2p5ey.png" group-title="Music Channel", NG
http://?PWtuWnpJMGJSWjNkRlJYVDVvWFE2cG1jWlZ6S2k5R2NyZGxiMk5rY3JVVlp2WkVONTlHYjV4a1RzMVdkdmt6S3NCMWRYUkRXVUJETzVCWFJxSm1WSk4zYlpWalNqbERjUmx6YzBRbWJvQkZiRFpUT3pnbVR4Qm5VdUpXZU1kMWRIUm5TenAxU21wbGVTTkhWekpYZGhkVGRFTmxTUFZETnhORk5tUnpaMDkyS2pwRWRuRkRhUTFtTllKbVN2QmpXM2QyVE1oSE0zRURNQzFtYjFGblRwRlVOeVpGT25WR1JqbG1VbTl5TXFCbmJuOUdlSEpWY3JkR2JGRkZjenhXTXJjVGRhaDFkRk56TW5sbGM2aGtkNEltVkRkM1Y1STJZeU1WYVB4RVp5TVVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", One HD Music
http://?dmxETnlKa2VzWm5jWUpWYm1CMWRucDJMWmgzZDVoRGRPOVdiRGxXTUV0MGNqWlhldmdYUUhoVFR6UnpkcjBHZW14V1kxY0RNQjkwYVJKMlRQbDJLeHhtWVgxVWJHUkhNekp6TTFFMWMwTkZaMGxrUTVSbE00SWxOUVYzUzRaSFdwVkhhUFZFZHFkRlMzWjNNV3BFV3hrbllVOVVTcnMwYjJVRGFVVkdleXAyTDVoVk1KcEhVUnhFYmxoVGVNRkZhSVJXTXhWRFpMOWthdGxXWldaMExTTkdkNlJUUjRkVFNxbERVdk4yVjFjWFd6MUVVRWhYYWtoVlc2VmpXeFZITjJFRVpqMVdlSFZEVjBCMWNUVm5hdlV6WjFaRlNNaFVXc05IYlZwRU5raFdlTE5XUVJsRlowbGxVTmhrVDBGSGFJNTBadkZuZWpaV1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/100uuWA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Play TV
http://?NlpWUzNoWGVPcG5ZbGRXYUx0MGFGVjJjR0ZIU3BOVFoxb0hObmxHWnhSVllzOTBaWTlrY3daV1FxSlhTMmdXVXJOM05sZDBSeElVYXdWbmJ3bFRUb1ZIU1JaWE1yOUdPbU5XVWtOSGN5RkVheGNUTXhWSFJGVlZkV2xYYm9aM05UdFVlRGxHT3hJVVF2WjFWUUJqWlE1V1J5Vm1XSk5EY3I4RU1JeG1NeVJ6ZHVOWGJ4cDNhR0ZXVUN4bWRtZDNiUjFrZXZGVU5HUjBjcmdtVEhCSE93SjJidklIZG9aV04zZEdSeWxUVE5OM2FudFVXM2NVZTVsbll4SjBZeFIxY3JGMUsyZEhVcU5UVG5aRGM1c2lVVGgzU3FCamNYUm5ZNnBYVERWRU5YVlRjR2xYUTNJME02TjNieHgyYnVWWFFCZHpLdFJXYVZGbWIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/3xSS9fw9/Pop-Patakha-Hungama.png" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?d0YyTVFkM1NZbDJTcUprYU5kR2FtTlZOdkp6YnZwbWN4UVhjaGxIYnZJVmQzeEVhUU5WZDFwbk0xZDFNVzEwWVFkV1NGbFVOR0JYZEhaRlpGaG5ielpFTzJsRk5RMW1hMDVtUVVsa2NVbFdXTmxEV29OWFlKMVdZNXhXVDU4MFVPeDBkdzAwTlN0VVlzOTBjaWhEYk50V1lwZFdaQ3BWYklCSE5sTjNNNTltZVBkVlRyNFdkc1pUUVd4bWNYRjFLSmx6YTJOMmFaaFdNR2wzU3VaVmNSVjNjcXRDVkdOelFuWlRhWEZVTnZGM1lQWlRkTHRrYXdnVk5JMTJiMHRrUzFFM1ltMW1kNU4xUzFRRGFZeFVTNmhrZXpOVFNWdGtjU2hXVW9KSFVRaEdlMmNtVndZSE51TmxORUYwSzRRWE5XQmpZNmRuY1JobFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?cUYyTVFkM1NZbDNTcUprYU5kV2FtTlZOdkp6YndwbWN4UVhjaHBHYnZJVmQzeGtkUU5WZDFwbk1yZDFNVzEwWVFCWFNGbFVOR0JuYkhaRlpGaG5iNFpFTzJsRk5RZG5hMDVtUVVsMGFVbFdXTmxEVzNOWFlKMVdZNTVXVDU4MFVPeFVkdzAwTlN0VVl5OTBjaWhEYk5CWFlwZFdaQ3AxYklCSE5sTjNNdTltZVBkVlRyRVhkc1pUUVd4V2JYRjFLSmx6YXhOMmFaaFdNR1IzU3VaVmNSVjNhcXRDVkdOelEzWlRhWEZVTnZoM1lQWlRkTHQwWndnVk5JMTJiNHRrUzFFM1ltaG5kNU4xUzFRamJZeFVTNmhrZXFOVFNWdGtjU2RXVW9KSFVRaG1lMmNtVndZSE41TmxORUYwSzRBWE5XQmpZNmRuYlJobFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/umdJ2mP.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?NmRVT0VKMks0TW5lMklrVHNObmNFVjFaM1kyUjJ0RVp6SjBjRjFHVjBWa2V4eEdkdjgyYWhabFN0WjNjVE5YTksxMktwaGxiNFJVYU1GamRFQmxRMGgwUnpzbWF5bFdkUlZVTzJNbmRNQkZjd1ZrTXNWa1JxOW1NTDFtUk50U056VWtjNFFXYm1WbFl3dFVReHgyUXhBWE5HTjFMM0kxYVhGbFd5cGxidzVrY0pKWGFzWkhkSGxWT1RkM2JSSmtjRlYxUjJoV05UaFZhclkzYXJJM1Q1QTFkSnhXYXhZV08yWnpaR2hXWWxSblZ3VkdaNUptYTNoMVlXTm1hNTlrU3ZwMUxpUkhVc1oyTVdabWUwRm5NR1ozYXg5R1RyYzBaNEFuWnRSR1N3RWxjTkZEYzRSMmJ3MVVkTUJuZEZGM1JCbFhOQnRTYk1kM1kzTW5XM3hFV0xoMFZ4VlhieFFFTkRaRGJ4ZFdaM28xVjRSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/portalfoxmixtv/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?eWwxWW1aVVNscDJNd2MwS3pwWGVRSjNTamh6S29KSFJ5QnpOc3BYYTFWWFp5RVdia05XYXFWVFowUjNZM2t6ZDJnR016UW1UQ0p6ZFJWVlpEOWtUcHRTVHJGMWF2UkhlNkpUVVp0a2J1MVVXTmxWVnpObFlWaFVjdjhXYXRSbFV6a1Rhb3RpUnRWa1I1WjJZSVJUVUZsbk13ZERVbGxWY2hWR2N2b0dTeDFtUk5WR054ZzJjVlZuV3hjemR5Z1dRM0JqVDB4VU14OHlRQzFXZUpaSFVQTkZhREIzSzBnMVN1VldTWnhrTmtKSE8wMFVUUnAzWlFKa1Q2eDJhdXRpY2hoRGQ0UUhUSTVHZVpaVGUwNTJOM1IyYm81MmRtaEZPbnRtTTFoa1N6VVdhTTVHT3VwM0x1ZFdjd29tUjJVSFpMQjNkbFJtZHowbWFEbEdPdHhHUjZWV1d4eFdhMGRYY3lJbGIyNWtWelFqUTZsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Public Music
http://?NHQwTVZ4MFl5bDNkdHhHT3Q1VWMyWVdiMmNIVzQxbVNSZG5OWE5YZUh0R1J5WkhlNEltUXJFa2E2QlZkeE0yVERwV08zVWtlck5FY2FWalpzbFdUdU5uZXlNV1RPTlhNdzEwZDVOWGRNTnpReElVYXBaWE9XZEZlTTltWnZ3V2RMbFVkdFoxVjRSMVp1bFZkRVYyWWFkbllYQmxZd1oxY2twRWFVWnpaMkZtZFpkVE14MDJMeXdHZG5GMWFyTTJLSUZVTTRsbWJQaDBUT0JuWjU5a2JwMTBhQ2huVzVNWGR0WjJOMmxHT1dGblcwY2xTSzUyYktGVWVadHlNbk5XU2xGVU8xeFdaMVoxVVZkRWNRUm5WcWhrVHhwVk1hTkdhUjVXVXhCbFEySmtlQmhtTVZOVVI2SnphSWRsY2FCM2F6WWtVck5qZVVWMlpWQkhWeFIzUzNVMUxvQjNaVFZUY3k1bWNsTlRUa2hrWnhSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Punjabi Tv
http://?eGgyS1pKa2VtbFdZb1IyVVFkamMxUVVRaDltZXFWRGVWMVVORGwzYUZwR1pDZGxiczVXZEpWV1oxaEdkcGgzS3FoWE8xRlRlM0VHYzBvbVptRlRSMjFHTW41V1FHbDNaNUpWYXpBRGUxQkZldlJsTTY5RWRUcFZhaDlXVHlrbWVxSkhiMWN6UWlKbGE1eEVVcXRTYmlsR09hSkZWc0oxYklsbGF0QmxjNGwzU09kVWVrQlhXd3dtYjJGMWQ2WkRTSzkyZHBoVFJ1OVVheWdXZG5OR1dJRjNiNFlUU0I5bVJzUm5RcnBWY2pwbVo1MGtiajkyWkZOVmIxcFVUdkpXVkVWelJ6VlhkcHRrZFFSR2RwRkRldmswVm9SVmN4NTBVNVZIVzZaMU5rVm1kUkZUTnpKMmR0ZFdack5rUjVNSE9tWkdaRUZtYWhoMEtSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/s0CZjmi.png" group-title="Music Channel", Q-Music
http://?eWRIYnNWemJwbFdjUkJsUTJwbGMwRmxNUVpUV3d0a1dKNUVVd3hHTlQxV1JucDBiTHBVVUhKSFQyZEZiVlprVkpsV1FFUjBhR05EYU9aRE0zUkhNd0ozYkJobWJHbFdPakYxVE9sRGNacFZkMWhITTJkMFJWWjJjSFYzU3hRRE9DcG1lc2xXWmtORmV3UkhhVnQyUXh3V1ZrcFZRVnRpYXJFRFo1a0VPcVpuYUhOelowQVhSNEExWWFwbGUyQVZONWQxVXdGWGF3WTNaSTkyUUxkVWI1ZFdhMFZsU29OSFo0VjFMWGhuTlRobWRWbFdNNHNDZXJObE5GSm5kM1pEU1BGVFZweDJieXQyVHBaVWQyazFSMjhDVjJSellURmtScXhtZW9KV1VsOVdhTmwwUzBNWFJ0dG1aSmhqU2tkSFcxWTFNNTVVY0RKM2FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P8cVMle.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Qmusic
http://?elIxWXhjRVZsWlhSRkJEVndvRmNVNW1NS3RDVjRKemRsWlhacHgyYnpGME51eG1jaGwyZG1oRWR4OTBiNWtVVXJKblRFOTBieVJVYnhaRFJ2YzJhbjVHZXRWbmRybG1VclJWUUw5Q2U1Rm1OcmhUZHhwRlRUOW1VdnRtV05GblMxTVdjcmMwTG05bVMyVlVhUGxFUml0MmNFZGpUWTFXZXdKa1lSVlZRMU5YWWhGRWJIQm5XUGxIYmo5RWJ3Y1RXdlFHTjBaRE9FZEhkM1luZWtWVlFyRlVjR0pXU1c1MFQwZERkV2hGTnhFWFV1eEVaU1ZrYk9GbVdhSlhPM2xsVEVaR1V3bDJNenAxUnhJVGRzeEdjUnhXVG9wblQzc2laRFpIVmlsMGN1ZHphWXR5S3hVbVpwNTBMcmxYVUVoV1RuVjBTMlFFZVUxVWRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Contact
http://?czlVTU1kRVV0NVdaREZqUjJRRGNaTkdjWHQyYXloRWJraFhhbGwzVXdSMWFLOTBaT05GYUg5Q1RvUjJaWmhVVkxOSFppNVVUdk5WYWhaWE1zbDBLM3htWndCbmEwZzNTMXRTVTVFSGFQaFVReGRVVnpKRU9yTlhVa3AzUTN0aU1aWkdhM2MzVUJ0aVczOVViMTFHUnYxbWN1ZEROcE5tYTRCellCZFhZclJXZHBwV08xMG1TUUpWY3lvRWF3NVVSMEZEYnpaV2RYcFhiUlJYZHhoWE1QdENidjAyUkhwWE9vbEZNcmhHZHZ0R01TSm5XcFZrZU5OMFN4aGpSNEptYld4R09XdFdNemQzYmFobGJ5TkRlbk5XYzZKa1lhZDNTVEJuVjNaVllQVlViRWxtVFdaRmMxcFhaRFYzWllsbVIwRVhiRUZVZFRkM2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Italia Vision
http://?cE4wUXo0VWJFTm5ZMVEyTEVwR2VtdFVScHBXT3paalJVWjFLM0puUmFSRFdrUkRjaFpFVmlOblp6VjJaMEZYTUJSM01wWlVOTXRDZHVaWE5pQkRUb0ZuYkxaVVpXaEdNcWRrYkhoa2FRZFROR0ozUTNoWGJ3azFMMXAzVHBObk5qcFVhNVVUUnpWalNuZDNiU1ZtTXNwMlY2MVdPNE5WYjQ1RWJuVjBUczEwUklaVVdEeFdNek1qUjVjbmIybHpRSEZqVXFGRmVVOVNkSFpYUXprVk9QTldiaVJtYUxGelYyTldiNEJUY3JoR1dCTkZiVVJFYng5U1locEZWd2xGUlJkVWN6dFdRM05FUmtsbGFpOWlTbTltVDI5aVd2VW1hcUZuVllKMlV4bFhjcUpsYU9aamJ0bFVPMmRHZDBvbVkyWUVXMjVHZHVGR1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DfugVgy.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Piter Pan TV
http://?b2hVVENkMlFyZG5RR2QwU1p4VWRDOUVSbTEwVDBSbFpwbGxaR3QyVXFsM1EzNG1iREZYTUxSMGRwbDFNeGxXZXM5bWIzb25ZcmMzYnRsalMxaFRZeGQxU0taMmNhbFhiV0oyYjJSbmQ1UjNjSWRXVG5oemJScDBaeGdYZFVKRVRIeDBjdnRDZXBGVE5yZEZjaDVVWWlKSFdJOWlZMXBYZHJZVFlZaDJUMnBXVFRsVVdsaDNMM1lGZHg5Mlo1bGpUVWRYYjBkMmR4UVRhM0ZITno0MksxVVhia0JuYU9kV1YwcFZTM1l6S0JoV1VXTlZNTFpuYXZGMWJUaFRRclpXV3pSMk1PTm5lUlJXVHhsMWNZQjFOUWxtTW5wM1l0RmtRUVozTG4xR2QwVVZhblJ6WXJaVmN5aEhjRFJ6Y3o5R2FMVjBUdlZGZDVFMFJ6bGtjMXBFVTVVWFNvdEdlb0pXTXRWemMzeG1hR1JrYzFWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RMjFeGE.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio PROS
http://?dnRtWjAwa2JPbFhUVmRWZTRJMmR2UjFicVZYVjZKVllTZDFNUGQyUk9oM1N2cFhjRWhIUzRaSE52VkhjaEpYVFhobVVNOWlXT05XYXhRbVo2TjJNeUZXYUJSbVZHQlhaYU5EZEloVGEwWlZTa2RuTXVWWGJ3TUVhMDVtUVlkamVaaG5kMHhtYktGVFYybFRiNVZIZHdobVNURmxWNWNGZFlaRFRRcG5SeU5qVHlBWFJPUlhTRUJWUW1oSGNTcG1hVDVtUjRSblJaOUdhWDFtYVdKblQxbFZjQkJGU01SVk12aHpVNFlGYzJjV2FIVlhNalozYjFwbFFpbDNZNkZEZE5oVFp6dDJWdVJVY0tCbmNaUlhNNGtITTNSWE52UVhSMVIzWWFsR1RyWUhkVXgwYU5kR1pvTmxlRUpsWXJwWFRQZEhONGdFYjBKSFJ0OVNUM3RHZUtwVmN4a0dUSlpuU3FoVWJNZFZVdDlVWTR0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9pvCYaA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Weser TV Bremen
http://?PXMyZFExa1czTWxjMmhWZWpCald6UmxSM2xtV0lwWGRCQm5RR2gwYm1oM1I1TlVVeFIwTHNsRGFyZzNZaUpFUjZCRGVpaG1NQkZuUnhGa1JESjNaM3AzTURCRGN3QkZjRDVtV3pFRk4wbDJhWFJuWkM1R09NbFhSVWRtZHFOM0xFSlVXbmhYZHdVR094TVhjSVZsVVlOMlpTMWtUNVIxU3RKWGJySVVZeWxHZDFwR2VXQmpjNEExTjJKSFU1cDNadmdWYjN3bVFrQkRXS05WZFJOME5oSlhZeWRWZG54a014OVdUUmR6YXJOVWJpWldicUZVVnc5bWFLTnpRcFZYZWxObVJIQkZiQjEyWlRkVGE0SjNhb3BXYzFCbk5HRmpOa04xYVBOM1NRZGtVMmRtZHNsRGRpcDNZMmdWT0VObWEyUTJkdjhVV3JwVldUdEdST05YTUxaME1pRlVld05WYnFWME5wVjBWNTgyUVY5R050RjBLMUkyZG9OR01ZaG1WMGxGZHZKR2NJZG5ST2hIVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NiO6TYC.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Zeta TV
http://?eHhXWmtsVmIxWW5TVTFFTnZNV2IwazFSRGRYZXBwR1U2MUVSekpuUjA4bVI2cDNielkwYW1OSE0zWkdNc2xGZXhobVJDOXlTMEVqYzBsVWVoOVdieHBVVnZnWGVGbDJkNXNFYm9oR2VUbDJkbFJIZDBwM1NTTm1OSTlXZURaalNyRVdhcmN6YXBoR2V3SldRdGhET1lWSGF4cFZWd2RHY2hSbllzSlZUMUZITzRRbmFTaFhWNXBWTjFkVmU1UUVaWEJEYndKa2I1UXpWSVYzU3oxMlV6Z3phSFIwVTVBSGI1UkhPdWQzWjQ1MlZUbEVlSEYwZDNVa2U0NUdhb2RHY001bVcwZFhZTnBVTUhwbmNPcDFWVUpXZHhORmN3RUVSbXhXVUh0Q2FoeEVkRXBXWVFWelU0eDJSRloyWTJvV1VDWldaU2hEZTFBbFpMQlhRd3QyUlBCVE1XRkhOSmRsVjVoMmRhUjNLWVZsWXJWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://guidatv.sky.it/app/guidatv/images/epgimages/channels/home/25780_home.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radionorba TV IT
http://?eXRtY3JabVlIcG1OcUZYY0pOWGJzRkhOcUJqVHVobVZ3a1dTbWxuVklCbGVKMUVhMUVGYklaWFZ2QjNiR0pHU0c1Mk1xeDBaMmxqY2FWMk51RjBRenRpVDNjVVVheFdaV0YxZHBGa2NIZEdWcllYTW5OMVRYUmtjM0lYYkhOMVN4UmtkSEJWVXF4V1Z3SjBaWlYxYXRKM1V6ZHpZckVrYTZ4bU4xZ3pMMVJrWXJFMVZsRkhUWjFtZE0xRWJ4Y2tiU1JHWjVkalpKSkZjSDlHY3dCM1lRNVVjT0YyU241MFo1Wm5SSkpET2o1MlFvdFVkdHAwYkdGamF2bFVWd2xXUzM5Q1dpNW1UU2hYUmp4V2R0Wm1SdVpUVHJkVVlEcFVXdGwyTEdsbk1LQjNheWdHVDFkSE8yOUVkejQwWTVSWFcybEdheVlqZElWWFlyNVVaMnBITzBKbWNFNTJWc2wyZFlWRGJKSlZUTlZXYzZ0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/0c65bafaced938497a2a4caf0306c9d3.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", RETRO MUSIC TV
http://?dGQwZFVobFRhbFdVS0pWYVVKRWJ4QVhWSGQzZHVOblEwUWtNSVZuVHhWME0xSldiMU1uTkhkemJwdGtUUFpHV3NsbmJ5UlRhbXRTZUlKbFI1SkZjbmRtYjRaMGRzZFhWcU5FTXFCM2NFOW1kcEZYUXZ4VVFuSkhVbTlHZTJkR01yazBadVJGU1JGM01zMTBjNWhtYktaM1FSQmxkbFIxZFo1MlpPVjFNdkoxYmw5MFFYcEhVdkVIUjNwWGNzOTBiRlpHVTJsMGFpWjJMdE5uY0NGa1VXQlRkSmRFWnowMlZyZFdVYXBuYXdOWFNXUmpVTHBVYnhFMlJJbFZWcGxHU0hGWFRzZEhTNUoxUVdSbWRLRkZac2RUWnY5Q2FqSlRXcVZYVDJka1VTVjFhUE5WZXFaM2NuQlhWNFZrWnJkV01KUlRadGhqYnpWRmMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ru Tv
http://?PXNtYkRwa2JMRkVjRkJIY1FoVFUwSjFVU1JuYmlCSFRRVnpSUVp6Yk8xMkxZTm5adGxrYTFRak4zUm5UTXBXYnlGa2RqQmpjNElET29CblFLcG5UTHgyS3BGSFNHVm1iamRVWXBaSFR6QkhhT0JYWWpwM1ZFaDNSc3hHZUdGR2QzWjNOeWgwTHpwbmNrZFdSTzFrTkdWRGRMcG5OM2x6THBOR2U1SkhSRFYzWnRWelNXbFdiSTFHWm9SMFE1WjJSNHNrVFF0MmJVZHpWM0VHYjQwRWFHNVVleXhFYUc5MkxZQlhiTVpYWVVkMFpIRmxVVXhHVTNOWFQzcGtUdFpuWnlNRU9NTnpkS2huVTFRR2N2ZEZXYTFFTnZaM0tZTlZkclZqY2F0MFVYUkZh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sakkat
http://?PWNYWXpBMWRMaFZlTHBtUXExMFp2WjJVMThtTXY1bWF5RkRkeEYyY3M5aVUxZEhUb0IxVTFWbmV5ODJWellWVGpCbGRLaEViRk5ET3ZWMlNPWjBRc3RHYkVKRWJ5VUVic2hGZFg1MFE2RmxjcnNVY0p4bVd3OENkSWQzZHZVRlJ1Tm1SNFowYU1KMlUyb25WTXBGT1JCRmNvUlVZMmNFZXg5VVpIZEdhMkFYV0dkV2NTdDBjRjltZTBGblZxWlZPdmQySzJkR1JqSlhaelprZTRaVmM0WkVTMGRUV3JFRk9EdG1lbk5uYlNGbWFUbDJZdHQyTXp4ME1HaHphTEJuTXdOVFc2WmplMHBFVjRRMlNzVjNaMUpETldoWE9LRjBOaEJUZHZRVlRNUjBi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sangeet Bhojpuri
http://?M0pXTWpSVVdpZDNaeXNHYjVVbGNNeG1TeXcwWnJsRGRucGtUMGgzTnJOR1N5Rm5keklHYnlFRFU0Sm5NeWxVU0dkV2FMWkhXcEpVYjRoWE9MUjJUNkYxTDZSSFIzY1daU0prZFRKMGF1RjFiUE5VTXJWM1ozcEZTdmtIYnpBSFVyOFVkTUJEU09ORk42aFRWMm9YVlI1R2Q2WlZPWVJEZFNSM2IxOFdaek56UVYxbWNZTlhkMWNIYVVGR2Uwc0NOVlZGT3RWMGRzaG5jTjVXT25GVWJrdG1jQlozWVJKamNuTkZVNGszVFNGWE1IWnpRaGwxWnFkbmJCTlZUMzlrVG9ORFNsZG1VUEZYT2pKM2J2SVRaV3RFVnFWa1FaaEhXakozWWxCRmNyOUNlSU5XVjZkR1V5OWtXeGRrUmhsR1YwSlZXTFZ6WkVobU50eEVUdFYwTm1kRE5DVm5TbUJIUkpsR2JOOVVhSlZFTnJsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SBi Music
http://?emRXU2pSRmRhNW1Wd1FrVTZWRmVXbEZTMUlsUTNORVpDVkdNMzRtTUhOSGV5RUdjenBYT1RGbFF0ZGxVSkpEVTVZWE1hQlRXYUZVYXdNVmUwZFhUd1JsV0ZKMlp5UVhWcGh6TEtGV2J2RkRjdXhrUjFsRlJaTmtZamQyUjZoVGRyUkhkMmNVYzVsRlMzNVVTNDhVU1loR002RmxkeEZUYXgxMllYNW1ieHRHTTZGVmVsdDJMM1ZtVzZkbmJERkZlMHhHTjYxR1U1ZzBjMEkzUzRCMVoyd0djRnRFVzRGV1R6VkdPRjFtUXhWWGJ4UjJkdmxFYjRCRlR1SkdSNWhFZE5ka1p4ZFdNM0FIVkxSMGNYZG1SM0ltVndCVFluVmpNeWwzVDZWR2M0TjBiRGR6Y3pNMVVzRlhXWVJYY1ZsbVZQTlVReU4xYUxKR2R5YzNMblYwTkdOSE9yZzJMdk5IWmh0VWFIMUdlM0pGU3ZWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SHOWBOX (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8Beeu4z.png" group-title="Music Channel", Sunburn TV
http://?NWhWVllaR2J5Y1hOdWxXUkxGM2FzSmxkb2xqWTVwV09xVkdjSUozVklOa2I0STBkeDFXUTI5VWN2RlRiM3R5WXdrV09MZEVXaEpEYUZKVk10SnpMcHBYUlpwMFQzY1dXdDFXU1NWa2RPOW1aVlJETTZSRlNxdFNXc3BXVlNGa1JCbEhjTk5EYzNFMmJ3SnpSM2NVWklSbmVTZEdWMVZrZFNsV1RwUldTbjlDY3BGRld5Y1dlc1Z6S2xORGJ0bGxlVmxYU3NSbVR5a2pTUjkyTTZka1Z3VWpkd1EwUzJwMEszaDNiMHRrVlN0R001VjBLUEprZTBnVVdqSkdWNGxVTjY1MlFKWm5kNXMwUTJsMFpLRmtkdkIzVHBwbVR1aFVkcUpYVEs5aVd6ZGxiaFZGVXZJRVpvUmxOQnBHYTVoWFlZOWlNUHAxYXZFelYzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", The Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fQUzBsz.png" group-title="Music Channel", TMA
http://?PWMzWUdSVll6eDJiaUpXYXdJbld1TnpiangwTnQxV1N5SWpOeUZEYXNWemE2WjBhcWQwTW9aVVUxOFdTWUZGYjRVRmJVWm5UelFsYzNsVVZ4RWpXTmhtYnNWRldKbDNhdzAwYzRFRVY1TkhONGNsTkY1MllxTjFibEZIY3lrWGV4SkhSdWhuWUdWMU1uOTJhMDhTZDBrbmF6aG1VM1FqV3dGVVRJWjJNNWgzVEhKWE42cEZlYWhYUkhOa052QkROVkoxU0RwR09ESjFUTnRtZW9KWFRESm5WNXhVYXdVMlphOW1kM01WZW81VWJ4UkdlUnRVTXp0MlRFWlVVd3BuVjU4VVV6TURieGNuWjVjV2JwVldScWREZDI5Mlp4NW1WVUIxZHpkVFZUVlVR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Pmq7bGH/Bi8eMX9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TRT Muzik TR
http://?PXMyZDBaR1dLWjFia1IzYTRVVmMyVjFkYTVrZXVsSGRLaGtkcWRtZFJGRVZ6a0Vhc0ozVlM5a1poNVdXaUZ6Y0M1RWNCQmpReVVWTjNkalp4WUZSNEEzYllKRFIyWVhkMjVFYVJOMU55eDJTNHNHV1FGSFQ0aFhWb1IwY2lOelFrSjJUNGgzVnBwRVQ0aDNNMkIzVDJKa2RqOWlkdWhWWXMxa1FURm1XcGQyYlFWR1daUmtjUGRtVDBOelF3bERhYUZsZFZKSGNIUkZleVJXY0xSbVc0MEVhM1ZWVXJrM1V5eFdVUVJUUlVsa2R1cFZiMlprZXpOM2MwdGthcklIWnZsbVY2cG5hM0lYZUhwWFR0dENVTXRpUXhvSFdtRm5VcU5VYUZsa1padFdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0RcNFXt.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TV Duga Plus
http://?dnBIVjIxbU56NEdNNFUxY3ZWWGVwdEdWeGgyYzVOSFVqaDJZRzFHTjN0eWMzbDFhMlVrVDFVMU4zVkRhclVFU2xkWFcwQlRiU1Z6YUlsblp4Wm1hcUpuZHBSemEyNDJRcmcwU1lkVmRqZEhOamRrYTVWVlNDcEdUd2dHT3FsblYxSVRkaVIxVmp4ME4ycFVUbVYxTXdKSGVybzFRcmRHZHg5aVIyaDJLeGhrZHk1RVQ1TUhkeVoyVnFKa2J5TjNUMm8wS3FwMk1HVkhkekJuYzR0Q2U1TVVjd1IyTjBjV1Z3cEhkRnBtZVd0R1pFZFRleEl6ZElaR1RwaG1Zc3AyYzV0RWFYUlhUWmRuZDJaWGV5RlZaSk5qYTJKVlZScG5XU0pYVGtKa1NySkdjeVIyVUxaa2U2eFVSM1ZWTUdoWGNrVkdXczkyYk1aVGNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", U tv Lives
http://?PVVYTldaVWNwUlZhNEV6U3hVallySlZSd1ExWllWSE1xSjBkQlJGY2xOV1kzSXpZdUpFY3g4a1kySVhWMGNEVDJNVmFrOUdjT0oyY3FSalkyWkRNTU4zZHpKa05IcDNjNVpuWVhSV1FuOTBjdlYyTHpvWGFWSjBRc2REZXpsRFNZeDBhd05WYndRMlp1bG1kSlZYVEhSRGNORjBSeElXT3RSbmFPVlZaMWgzZHdkSE1hOUdhNVpVT01kRmMzMW1RRUZ6ZDVoR1ZRRkZaUVJsYjUxR2J5aG5ZcWgxVVU1VU11eDJRa1JuYnk1a2NIWm1TQ1pWWTFKbmV1VjBZS2RXTnJKVVFXaGpjd0YxWVpObk01UjBWaGR6UXJsbVZtZEdOaDkyYlFKMExxcG1i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/vtwobeat/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", V2Beat TV
http://?PUUzWnowRWVwZFhhaFpHUkZGbVl3UldkMmdWWTBRWFpPQkZjdTFrYjZoWGIyTjNOcVZHZXBGRVZDaG1jSkJYVXJ3R2RrSnpSNE5EZDFSVldvZDNRdmhXYzVrMlMyUTJhUWgyTnNKM2J6MW1jd0ZtUVE5bWU0OWtWblowYUpWa2JOQlhjdjkyYlZkM1MwQVhia1ozTXZWM2FUaEhaTE5UWjBGR2M1VVViaE5IT05OSE5INWtkcFozU2lOelFvUjBVNlJWVHg0V2U1OTJNUTVFYUpKbFkzSTFaMkpWYnJNRFp4czJLNGRHVFNoMGNPbDJUSlpETjRaVFJ2WjNSVk4zWndGMVRCbGpjclJsY3ZBVlN4WldURFZXYWt4V2IyeEdOSmRVZEdKa1N5WVZZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ll6GlqY.png" group-title="Music Channel", V2BEAT TV
http://?PVVuUVdCRFp0RjJaMWN6U3ljRFVuaFdXM2xEY1BkbmQwVkdOU2QwZDBaVFFpaGpOMmRtZTNwRlJFZDNhbGREUzFFVGVWRlZOUzl5YXZGWE8wdDJMNDAyTkNGV1JpVm1jbnAyUXFSemM1VlZZMWttZEV4bWFwMUdXR1YzYTRKMlJ4ZEdib3BsV21aMWIxVW5TNUlETUNaV2JhZHphQnhFVnpwR1pCQm5WTTVXVjFkVk93c2lhSkozVng1VVI1aFRaT1p6UXBoR1V2b2tUV0owYko1a1JsbFhNb3RTU3NsbGNFdG1kRFZqVDVRR2JxaGpZRnRtTTROMGRrNWtTcUZYUU1CVlpFNUVkaUptTjFWV1R5UkRWTkZWVjFrMlZ6QW5ka1YyWmhoemFodEdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH 1
http://?blZtU3gwR2RDZDJTeFVEVDBOamFNVm5SVUpEZXpwM1pOaDFTNDRtUm5kV2VGRjJabk5rWXZNa2Q0SlRPVkpVVDQwV1N5WmtlMWNHYlNWR1VKZFRVMzlXTlpsRE1VVm5jNjl5TUdsbWRyazFNejlrTnhCamI1STNZeU5uZHZJVlpXZGxkbzlFVjJNbk4zaFRWVlZEVW10V1ppNUVkVFp6YTJrVGFSTjJScWh6YXNOVllMbEhXMlFVWnhaRGVVQkRTdkpYY3NsRFZtSjJMVXQyY1QxR01zbFhiNUFEU1dSVVNxTmxjazVrUmFSWFV1bDNZeEl6Y2g5eVlJWldidjlXU3JCVk5yQTNZcllEU1pwR2J6ZFRPeFYwWjF0eVRCQlhlamhYWno5U1FPNTJjcmxIT1dSbGV6OXliWmxWVnZKWE5LQmphVWRsYVlWM2JTQnpRNkJEYlY1bWFOaG5Xd1lrWmFKWGJyOUVVUEoxU3BSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH1 Italia
http://?c1ZtU3gwR2RDVjNTeFVEVDBOVGVNVm5SVUpEZXhwM1pOaDFTNE1uUm5kV2VGRjJhbk5rWXZNa2QwSlRPVkpVVDRnWFN5WmtlMWNXZFNWR1VKZFRVMDlXTlpsRE1VSm5jNjl5TUdsMmNyazFNejlrTjFCamI1STNZeWhtZHZJVlpXZFZibzlFVjJNbk4zaFRWVlZEVW1wWFppNUVkVFpEYjJrVGFSTjJScGh6YXNOVllMbEdXMlFVWnhaVGFVQkRTdkpYYzFsRFZtSjJMVXAzY1QxR01zbEhjNUFEU1dSVVN6TmxjazVrUmF4V1V1bDNZeEl6YWg5eVlJWldibzlXU3JCVk5yVTNZcllEU1pwR2J6ZFRPeFYwWm90eVRCQlhlamhYWno5U1FPNTJjcmxIT1dSbGU1OXliWmxWVnZ0V05LQmphVWRWZVlWM2JTQnpReUJEYlY1bWFOUm5Xd1lrWmFKbmFyOUVVUEoxU3dSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GmgibYW.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Wanasah ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/31Zf7jp" group-title="Music Channel", WOW Cinema One
http://?NnBtVTRwM1V3eDJjMWNWVDRVMGJ1TmxlM2hEY3NoWFRUTlZPM3QyY29CVlNrMW1idkYwVUZaVFp4ZDJRNDhVVFlSSGR4QjFOMUpGZTFSamIwbzFRekprVWhKVVJCaEhNT3BIUk1kVmN1dFNXeW9XTzRSWFFQaDFSVnBuY0hKMU5zSkZldGRXVFRwa015TkZjWHAxZElaWFFUVkZhSWxXYVZsMlY0b21WdjFVTXpsbFVXaDNMQkZYVVBKM2NXMVdhVngwUXNaME0waHpSaFZYZEdaR1pDZHpjcmxVYTFJWFN2TlRla3RVV3JKM1pJbG5jMTlDY2hKa00wb21WdGRFT1dGR2JEaDNZQnRTVTJnM2RaTm5aTzkyTDZaak1NaGxVelUzVmxGRFRpQkhjaUZVV21kbFk2VlhWMVkyVTZkbVYzbEZUcm9FZHZsa2RHZFdZdk5IVjFKVVZxQjNWbTEyVU9kVmFzZG1lWHRVTXpkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Wow Music
http://?PWNIZHc4MmNOVldjS1ZsTlgxVVpvWkVOWU5FZWtwSE9zOW1Nc2RXZVV0a1ZQRkdjd0pWUmlOV1V6bzJWMlJtTWl4V2JXUjJVUmxtZHFOa1ZobDFjRzFtZVNoVVJ3a2plczlpZHdvbmR4SldSMk5XVE9oWFQ1aEdiTzVFZTNwRmFQeFdXME4zU0tGMVZZZFhlNDFtVTRWa2FsQmxlNkpIUjFOMlozSWxiMHdXTU05bU4xQlhkem9YY2xSMVY0ZEVUMU1VV1VSSGQxSTNTaE56YXZVelVyd2tWblIyTnlwWFJuRlhlcnRDV25ORmVoaEZld0JEYjVSa1VKWnpVa1ZuVlNaMFl2cGtlT2xWVkZsbWNwaEViTUZVUXdVM0t2b2tWSlIxY2xkWGFwUkVW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/LgQBtTh.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Xalastra TV
http://?eUpuVDBWSFUwRW5SR2RYVkhaMmFxeDJTQ2xFYndGelR2OGlRUmRuY3NOelFPVmxiMlJEV1c1MlZ6TmplbWhWTVBOblNaWmpjM1ZrZTRVMFI1WVhWNjlDZTBzQ1dVZG1iMmRrU3dnMWJ5TkRSQ2QxTW9aR1daSkRUWEJuVE9wRU1abFZiMTlHTjJzMFN5OWlkNU5VVnZKM1EyZ1ZPNnR5ZDNNblY1UXpONlpETldWMkxTeDJWM1owSzVrRGJsSlRPS1ZFTzNKM05QWnpiekluZDZwVldoTlRkdUYyWjZsR2V3VkVSYUZVVmk1V2MzQkRUeGxtY1dKRFdyTWtOMFpIYW5Sa2RTQm5XQ2xtUzJ3R2JhbG5OTFZ6WjJ0MEt6Y0RhbUpuWjBkalp0MVdhVVoxY3J4bU16WlVUMUpsTjBOSGNRQlZhMnRtY3Z0bVZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/ZeeETCBollywoodLogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Zee ETC
http://?PUVuU3pBbFRERlRkdzhtTk1GamI0TmtNMWNYTkdwV2JXaGpNTVpGYTJoR1c0MTJWd1ZETTFRMlJCZEdNUHRVY3dRRWQ1RjNReUVWVDBGa1dYUlVWT2xHYTNwRVpRSkdhTk5HUnJGMmQxWjBjUEYzWW1oM05GaFRRNFFIYW5oRVJTNUVPMzlTUlVSbWFyaG5kMTVHZXRWMmQxa2tOU05VYndCSGJKOVVSRnBYUmlGV1dyNG1kSnhHZEpWMFF2aGpka1pYWjE0MlF2ZzFNd1p6YnZkV1JJZFdVdEpXYzJZemI2cG1ldlpsTTRwVWVtTm5hcVZEUnl4RU1GMVdWQzFXTzVJbmFLNVVlUGQyVENGM1l6dDJjSXAwYTRJSFcxZFRNWFJUZERSMEs2cEdl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Zing
http://?eVJFZVo5Q2J5a0dVNWhFU1NoM2FpZGpZNE16WTNoMmRCdFdSMGcyZEZaVFV0RjJkcmcwYXJCbGFzMWtWb2hWUjBVWE8zY0ZkbEZtYU9sVlJHbFVhNEpHY0xCVFpDTm5lRFZIVndjMGFMVlZNdHBXTTRCemFsUkVPMVlIYlROMmJVWkdkTEZIV3dVM1owaG5ZQlprZHFGWGNPaEVWaUZrZFVCelFTTjNWclIyWnhFRldXMVdaWUJYWjNVVGFDVmtlcUIzYW5CRFc1Z0ZVRTlXYXB0VWFLaEVhM2czTVRoblJ6WkdSNVFIYVVkSE1xOVVWU3BtYzJkM1NUVmxiNFIyUlJoVmVPVjNRMkVETXpJMGNURmtleVFUUnlwR01RUjJaaWRIZXNkR01oeFVjdnRHVFdCblFuMVViNngyWTFzR1NJMUdPNVVGYkRaRGUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko
http://?MTlHVjRNV1JRaEdUR0ZtTUhkMWJ5QjNkMklIZHRwSGFMWjFTMXBuYlo5Q2VhcFZhS3BVZFpoMFQ2bDNUMHRTZXlwbk1yaGpXT1IzWlg5aVZPZEROMkoxYjJoM1FabDJVeXBGV1NsbWM0ZDFjMUFuZDA1R1VVUnpSblJuVXpRSFZDMUViU3hVUzBNWE5vWlZXMGRUVE5GWFJJcDFVek1uY1JOMVRGNUVhbmhuVUY5a1FDZDNZYUoyTnhZMGF2OVdOeGxXUXpsVFJyRTFaUWhuVHU1RU9oUkVhRTEyUTM4RWR0WkVSbFJWYW9SM0x0cDBVRUpHYlNKRVQwbzJVdnhtYjA1R05PWm5kMFVUV2paVWFsdFVWcllrZXZwMlZDaFVaelFuY1cxV1V0RkhhMndHZU9GM2F6QkZOQmhIVkROWFp5Wm1WNE0zY2s1a1oyTUhhMEprUWxsMmFGaFdZVXQwY1NGRWJEaGtjUFoyWXJkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko Gold
http://?M056UWxsRVR5MDJhejRFV2hsM2F3ZGtTNEUyUnU5aVZPRkRSNEJYV2FSV1ozc1NjS1YyS0Rka2N3VlRld1kxWk5KWGNsRjFkTHAxYkpaRlpDQkhldlozWlc1a01HSkhldHBIYk9KMGFXcEdiQjVXVHdKV1pFSmxTU05uTTBkMVlWbDJabFJUVlU5RVJwOTJiNEVFZXZzbVl6d21XRTlHYktGSGNoOWljblJuYng0a2JzZG1lNTQwWldSWGJqNVVaNkZIYXNWa1k0OWtabUZITXNKa2JFUlRleXBWYUlWRU81RkRWdkJIWndrbk5WMTBkMWxIZG9GSGF1bGpOdkpEUkpGRlZKcFdkeUkwVlNObGUySnpaalZGU3hkR1ZudEdNQkozTG14MlVFSjJhV0pUTkVkMUxzUlRNc2QwS3lRWGJacFVSS2RYYld4a1pKUm1TdmhsY2xGR1MySkhhS05rVXNGMmJrTkROcEIzY3l0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko STAR
http://?dDlHVjRNV1JRcEdUR0ZtTUhkRmJ5QjNkMklIZG9wSGFMWjFTMWRuYlo5Q2VhcGxkS3BVZFpoMFR3bDNUMHRTZXlwSE1xRmpkYWxtZDVObE0waG5WcmRsVTRJbGRRUkhWeWhVWTM1V2JFRmtXbjVHVXhselIwY25OMjQyWnc1RVczOGlic3RrY05Ka1I1RlRWdUJUTlRsbU5odFNUR2RGYk9oM1FaZGtXcDVrTktabGFGVlhTVlJUWU9Oa2QxNEdNMmtUVzJOR1NGRkdTR3htWW1kRGIyUVRjNkpFU1QxVVN2bERWbUJuTlR0V2R6RWtUbmxVZEVoa1RMRjNLMU5YU0w5Q2FQWm5ZV1IxTDZwbmJUbFZkeU0zVXA5U2FTUlVPeGhuVnZWbmRIZFhhUFJVYVdWRFo1VlVPek5WWjRoMk5QdFNhSEYzYlAxMlNKQjFhMkZYU3hNekx1VjNRNEpHY0laa2FSVm1TckZqYjNSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko
http://?b056UWxsRVR5ZzJhejRFV2hsM1p3ZGtTNEUyUjU5aVZPbERhdWRXZUNGblpFQlRkUHRtUjI4R1J5VkdUMEYyYnlwbWJHUm5ZTUZYZU5WMWNCcEVPNFptV3VSa1ZzOUdUcGRWV2E1bWJFVlhUM0kyTXdKSE5FUkhkNVZIVERWMVJXZDFhRE5sUkJKRlo1cGtXdUZrZXpvSGJ5Z0dha3RTZEloVWFGZHphemhIV3hFWFNWcFdONFIyUmhWbWFQSkhPbkp6VG9sVWRqWkhiQlpYVGxkVU0yUTJiR0pWT3c5aU52VkhWRVYyYjVkbVMxTldXM3cwYzNGbVp2eFdRcmgzVFNOak5EQkhiSzEyVE5SVmR6b2tSU1Z6WjFWRlpubFRUTTltV29kM2JUVlVkUjlHTTFRRmF1WnpWamhYYlk5MkxvTjNkMEJuZVYxa2M1OUNScnBIVzVVRWNxQlhVR1ZuWVo5a2RzaG1jMEFEV3pOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko Expres
http://?NU56UWxsRVR5bzJhejRFV2hsbmJ3ZGtTNEUyUjQ5aVZPbERhdWxYZUNGblpFQmphUHRtUjI4R1I0VkdUMEYyYnlkSGIyTlVSMk16YVBGSGVpMUVhMWwxVVFKV1FUQkhUeFpWZElKVWRNNVdiT2gxVm9aVlJNWkdXRGRIU1ZSVFJ6Tmxhb1ZrVW1wMGE0UkdaU1ZrVG5OM2NqVjBMbkYyZFA1bVpQWmxldTlVTjZaRmM2RkhldzRVU3d3RWRHQmxiRmhXTnlGWFN3NUVPbnBXTnhBMVYzeDBiNE4yWVl4VVF4SlZZT0ptYzE4R2RYbG5RNElWYnJKR08xaDNRcVIyUkZwMlJwUlhkSGRuWVNWVWRpdEVXa0ZYYnhwbVZLTjBiNUpuTU1OVmNLWlhlTTVtYzBnVWNucDFRanhFVmFsbWRNSlhUclFIYzVVRmRGTjNRM1IxS3ROblpLSkhlMHRrUnExV2VhTmxZWHRXV3N0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko STAR
http://?dk56UWxsRVR5azNhejRFV2hsbmN3ZGtTNEUyUnM5aVZPbERhdWhYZUNGblpFQnpaUHRtUjI4R1I0VkdUMEYyYnlwM2FHVlZjUGxGYkJWV1ZCdHliNFZUVGs5VWRLZDJTeWNWYXlSVWNOVlZaS0J6TXloV1F3ZDFWT3AyUVhaV2QwbEdjNWdrYzIwR1J6cDBjVDkwWWhobllJZERSc0ZrY0dwMVJyTW5XMTFtUnlOSFZ6VVhiSEoyTWl0aWQ1RkhXR0YwVHRoRWJwdGlNRGxXUWlWbGE2ZEhkV1pqUXc1bVN0cEVlNWtGWlBKWGEzVW1aVVJFYVZSR1dsbEZPMTlrTkROV1d0eG1SSVpHT3VaVmFyczJRc1puTjJKelFZWjFhMlpuY1NoM2R0VjNidGQxTEpGR1NxbGxiWTlpTkJ4Mk1oRjNaSHAyYmlSWFRONUVWelpIWk5GbWN3aDJhNlZ6YnlBSGIwSkVkYVZGYzZ0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.slagrtv.cz/files/logo-slagr.png" group-title="Music Channel", Å lÃ¡gr
http://?NmgxWTJKRmUyaFhSUmxVZXBSMVo2TkhiaHRFU29KemJOcFdUMmxXYVk1MmI0YzBadjRXZWFkMkwwTlhSaVprVHVkV1dqUlVjM1lqYnZrME1SRmxVcmx6VDJZVmFsNVdaVzlDWkRCRmUxYzNSUXBGYjF4RU4xa1hhM2hHYVZoellwNTBaWGhqV2lsWGMzUkVhV3RDVE1GWE9QcEhldlVqY0pWRGJ6RmxOb2hrTXdVRGFwVm5NeU5FUkxGRGE0VlZVaEZXYjZWSFJTcDFjWmQzVnFwa2FxVldkejlrUUYxbVMzUjJaMmdFYjFSbmJtZGxlVmxUZFVWemJubEhVeU5GY0J4R1JDcFhjalozS3BOV2RhQjFMNFlIZTFkV1dUVkVWS3gyY09wR09ybzJhU1YwWVFaWGUzeEVlYUJsWXlKSFJqRm1USFJ6ZEpwbFZWMVVRc05IY0dwbmNTbG1NYUprUXdJRWFGdDBScUowYzZkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://lion-tv.com/uploads/posts/2016-09/1472964269_178.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?cVJGVndRMmF5YzNUVVpsUXFOV2NZWkdVUWgzUXBsVWJydEdNVGQyY25WRWQzcEZhMmdHYjZCWFlySjNaVXhVZWF0V1F5SWtUVjFtYU5wMVRwQlhWeVJGWkhWalp4WW5WR1JGVjNFM2RRbEZXM3BXYXVkbFJyUlhjVlpYWnBKRWRDUm1icjFrVzB3MlV6dDBMcTVrZTJsSGEwSm1kRE5HYnRsVGN5NGtiblpHU0Uxa1dZSkhSSkoyVUhGbWI1bEdiclZYVm5KMFZOeEdaWkozS1VsR2NwSm5lWDlpVjJrR2QxbGtSalZuV0xabmFtVmpTWVJsY1IxRVZQcFhPb3QyWlZwWGRPTm5Nc2RWZGlaemR2NUVjbVJrVndSa1VudG1jaUpuUTNVV1ZFOWtiTEpUVjRRSGEwTlVkdTUwVXVkbmV2Y1VNd2hWZGlObWNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?MVJGVndRMmF5NDJUVVpsUXFOV2FZWkdVUWgzUTRsVWJydEdNVDkyY25WRWQzcFZhMmdHYjZCWFkxSjNaVXhVZWFwWFF5SWtUVjFXZE5wMVRwQlhWMFJGWkhWalp4b25WR1JGVlJaRGFzTmxiR2hVUndaMVpFQjFibmgyY2FWV2FZOTJkUVprYVZkM1UzUkRjeU1qYk1aM1FCMTBheEluY1dkbVIxOGlVNFpUZDBJVWJOVkhPenRTV3RaRWN5bHpkV2hUTTYxa1lQVldjdmNIVTBObmUzc0NhU2hsVzRSM2RybG5OaVpVUnN0R1NhSmtjTWRrY3I0a1NVNTBUMGxrVXdFMlNzcEhlR05qTnZGMmMyVkROdmMyTTZWV1EyZ1VVbmxXYmx0RVJZRjFkMVVVUVpoV1cwVlRNbk5VZFhsR1NudFNSTlJGYXhvR092VVRRbnAxUjVva1JEZDJaUFpWVnhVM2F1WjNjTVp6THFkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¡Ñ‚Ñ€Ð°Ð½Ð° FM
http://?MHRtY3JnMmQ2VlhNdTVVVGlaemNFTlVOeVZFY3FOMk1zZFdkaVpIT2pCSFZxQkhlSlptVElwbE52VldSR2RHY290MmR3MGtTMmREYmlOemN4TVRiMEpsYUxCbFVPaDNNMGNsWVpabmVqRkVTS2RGUnRKMmQyZFdNWnBYWjVJRmN2eGtiRDlTVnJRa2NuUlhTekUwVHowR1d4Z1ZPNmREYWxwMWFVRldZc0ZXVHRobVdraG1aa2xUU2h0Q2NyWVhhbGxtTnZCamVYbGtjQ05YUlFWalRtdDJkRkJuYXlZRVU0cG5RbTEwUU85bVY1dHlSMmd6YVpSWFpvUnpRMFJGZDQ0VWQxeFdONlJEV3JZMlpsZG5jMlFsVHdOMFJFMUdVRVozVGloSFV6UXpiWFJtVHhrMmFxTnpLR3BGVlhobWVaSlZONWszYlVsV1Q1YzFOdzFrYkxkV1I1azJNMUpYU0VWR2VzaDNTNFlsVHJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.tv-logo.com/pt-data/uploads/images/logo/shanson_tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?c2htWXJaMVN3MFdWVVJUWUJORWIwWjNaaDkwWnNSMmRqVldVNDgyU3ZGV1NDWm1lNFlGYXdJR2J4RnpZTmhWV1ZaWGRTcEdXM0ZIYU5OWFRSSlVieUpqY3daRFp5cDJiazVXWkVkMmRWZEdOUlZVVTRsVk54azBaV1puVDRvVmVLMWthbmxHTTYxMFRwVkhSdlVuWTJ3Mk5YOWtVWmxWYTBwRWJYcEVOMUZVWjM0VU9UUlhPejRtY2lKM2NWWnpZcGwyWXM5R1ZteG1jd3RtU1lWRk9WWnpkcVpHZTF0R2EwbGpTQ2xGTzVKbk5hdDJaMlpEYlhSR2NwTkRkdHAxWnNwMFZOQkhjU0ZGZTVsamV4TWtXeHdFZW5GVlFUUldScXhtYTZoV2R3TUdkVEYyVlFsMkw0SldhekFEWm54V2RqMVVXbmgzYmE1ME1VbEhTekZETW05MlZwQlhaekoxUXhNWGVOMW1XeVFsVXZGVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.shanson.tv/image/logo_160120.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?eVZFVnpZSGN4SkhVbFpqV0hOWGRZTmpTWFZXZDVSMU1yaEdhUWRHT0Rsbk1yRVVjb1pVU1FwV09uVkhidmRHVHc4Mk1YOUVUMWNWZDZGRk02eG1OdlpUYWh0Q00yaEhjNVFVTVUxMmEwRW1aeTRrYzNGR1MwSTJRdHhXUVZWSE8yQjFha0JUV1U5R001OW1jNXhrY2p4R2FwQkRPTEZVZEtaamQ1SldTdlIyUklSSFp6aEdkUEJUUVlsbGVvMTJaaWRsU3FOM2J2TlRSUkIzUjBKRWN3UlZhV04zVkNkVmEyWnpOaXAwYzNJWGRIcFVRRHBFZDFNa01uZDFOMVIxVExKSGFUMTJTdlpsWTFOV2VZTkVOdkJGVnJWV1UyUmpXWmQyUTJ3VU9pWjJiSVJFWms1V2NxdFVSSUpFVTNZM05FSlhPTmRuYXpJblpObG5Ob2gxTEhGV1RSNUdVWjVVWkpkR2JQNVdTNFltY3VkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY
http://?b3AzY0xWMmN2UUhSM1l6UkpWVGFuSjBWeFlrVDBsR2M0Y3pNSDFXYkZGRGJ2VUVkV05YUmtaWFcyaDFNakpsUnZnbmVaOVVOaEpUZVRGbFZGWlZhNlprZFVoM1JyNDJaS3hXTzBORGVNVjJjMVVYV3pWRld6WVZTVmhXV25GRE16WTNhVDEwUzNnVFN2Qm5iR1JITUVkSFd6aDJRV3BWYzNOVGM0MVVkMHBWUm1aMU0za1hlWVZXTnZZRmV3UkRPNG9uY3p0MlR4RkRXQnBtYTU0R09ZbGxieGtVWUdaRFV3bEVUeGRtTnFkSFZwVkhSTXBIYVpSWFM0VUhXMVpFT0RoMkxGTm5XaWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY [FHD]
http://?eXAzY0xWMmN2TUhSM1l6UkpWVGJuSjBWeFlrVG9sR2M0a3pad0luTmFoWGIzUjBkeXhFT1pGM2E2WlRSTHRVTnBSSFZSWlRlMEZIY0hKa1V3RWtZenRrUXlZRGEzNTJkMFJtZHhnRWJLZG5Za2hWVjNGamFoWlZkcmhtVjR4R2FwbFVkdmtrUjFoRVR5cDFSSHhXWnUxbVdxVjFLeklGY3c4Q1YyTVZNdkoyWUxaa01IcEhiMElIU3dVM2RGNVVWemRWYnNaV2I1bFdSelpIUms5aWNJbGxlMFFHZXdnM1F0eDBVSnBYVHpvbWNZSkZUWU56ZDBNbFJ6STBRM2hEU3NCamNyNG1kaTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU BY
http://?NXAzY0xWMmN2b0hSM1l6UkpWRGNuSjBWeFlrVHpsR2M0Z1RWRjlHUlZoMWE0NW1kdlZsY2FGVlN1RkRWM2wwUjVsblNFUkZiaXR5YTBCbGRRZFdXb0ZXV2taRGM0Z21OdnBFVmtkbmJ3SmtZck4yYXlaVE1wZDFZWGhIU2lKa2VUWkdlclFuWjVjSFczWlZXaVZtVHJvR1pVdG1ObkJYYW1CVlZ5ZzFSd0ZVWk5obU5vcEhjSFJuWnpSSGMzZERlTTVrTXlwSFI0OFVXeE1YVlhWMFl1ZDJkd2tEVXZsblJueDBicnRXY3RaWGJyY3pUTmxEY081RVVpZFhjdFYwU0NoMmRWTm5lMWNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU HD BY
http://?MHAzY0xWMmN2QUhSM1l6UkpWemRuSjBWeFlrVDVsR2M0c0NhMWMzTEkxRWFwdGtlMklqV3dBVlp5bG5hcHBuVDRJSGRSSkZPUXRXYXlSbU0wOGlienBFVVVwSFZVWm5ZRVIyTUNoMmNHdDJTcEZ6Um9kRFdzbDFVUzFXZUdwMVJ5bFRjQkJYWWFoRlpyZDBkc2wzU3B4R2IyazNRM29rYTZaSFZLNVVTek5HZXF0a1UzcFhUR0pGV1dabWQyWlZiekVWY29WWE1qZFhOcWxtTnhZV1JHRldkUkIxWjVaVVNyaGtZS0pGTjRSSGN4QnpaNUJGY1JKVGVxTjFMNmhVZUJoR2NKTm5XQ05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://m2.tv/assets/logo-231ef42a791ac4e9287a94c6dd492ebd740ad3bea40f789cd489683b758ff65d.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ðœ2
http://?bk5sZXVOamJTaG1XNElUUWtOV2IyZ0ZleGtrZHZabk5sTjJNbmRuZVdoMVp2WmpleXhtYkxwblRuMWtNRHQyYnJoWFo2Rm1WeUlHY0s1bU5TbEhVdGxITm5Keks0bG5UMWxXUzQ4a2RXWldaVGhIT3RaSGUzazFTemgzY2FwWFFHeGtjblJXYzBSMFE1SlhZNVVsYlNsV2N4WkRUd3BHYkM5MGNxUlZlNUZYWnpCVE1ZcEhlQloyY1VaMmNobDJSaDFrVXVWbFM2ZFdVd3RHYXlSM05IVm5leWRrVHJGVlNzOWljc2wwU01SSFJ6cDNRemxFYzNaV1ZFbDNTcmxsVVd4a1NWbFhhbWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÐ°Ñ‚ÑƒÑ€ Ð¢Ð’ HD
http://?clpuV3RWVVIxMDJaeW9GUnpoMmRTcEViRUpWWnh4V2RHZEZhdGhYWUpaa2NycFdhMG9XYzBjWGVzNVVia0ZVYVlKbmNEbDBiUkoyYk5KVlozTlRSdkIzYVBOemJaRkhjTmgwS1JCRmN5SjNicEJIZTZOblp0dG1aSUJYYjQ5MGNVNW1kSUZ6Um9KRlZ6Rm1XWTlDVkY5bWVOdEVhb1ZFY3labFR3WlVRNjFrUzRVbE16Z0hOMGMzUXo4Q2R4STJSdlVtUW90aWF6RVhaSmQyU1psSFY0UUZhUE5sWnZjalZ0UkhPMzRrTm9kWFZzQjFMMkZIZXZZMmQwSURadFZsYjFJSFVNTjNVSVYyU09OamNTaG5Za0puWXlGMllaVmxTcE5IYUdSbU4wOTBhWDlDWnVsbFI0RmtUeGxFZDFGWGJXNW1iMDFXZXZKamUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÑƒÐ·Ð¡Ð¾ÑŽÐ·
http://?eXRtYWlCM056QjNUd29XTjUwV2JhdFdiMG9IZXRwWFJMOWlld0VYVVhWSE5VSm5hWk5tVTRra2VzUkZjT1prVEpKSGVKTkdWVEJ6ZGtaRk0wVWxOczVrVjF4MmNMNTJMb1pWWTRkMVoySTBhR05GZDQ5R1Z1RkZWalZYYkZobVNVWkdjeEUwYllKMVFwUkVTM1YwTFJWM1FIZEdXQlJtYXpZbFZtdG1UMUZXWTVOMllxQm5hNXRtTVQ5a2V3UWpVdm9WUjJwMmFLWjJMVEZuWWlsMlpwWkdiaWR6VTJVRE81OWllTEYzU3U5MlZXTnpiU0oxZHE5aWNQTjNNdVJYVDRKVlNScFhOVHBXWjBzU2EzUTJMSEpsTXlCMWNYbEVVV04zVXB4MlowRmxkeDhVZEVsM041QjFUUWh6VXJRM2JRbERid0VFZHZObVJ5b2tVcUZHU2pWWFdxaEdPdHBGT3o5Q2VMbG1SM2trVzNGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð?Ð¾Ð²Ð¾Ðµ
http://?MkprVDZaa1d3b21XWE56UnZVMGRWaDBkRWRWVDBKamIyWlVhMjBtUWhObE1IcEVlb2xYY0Raelk2aFhXMDAwTTI5V1ZxbFhkUzFVYXFoSFI1ZFRaMk5XUk9wWGN4NDJkM3hrY1FORWN4OTJRdGwyWjZwM2JhcFVjcFIzUnhKRWQ2TkVhREJWYlV4MlJ1cFZlMFYzTHdjSE9pRkRicmsyYVBSMUtrTldldk5WZTBrRk5rRkhUSVJGWjZWV2J6b25NTEZWU25aR2VoZEdNdXQyU1daSFYwSUdkMk1sZU1aR1YwSlVVREZuUjUxMllNeDJScUZsYk9aek4wdFVkeFYyUVU5a1RqUm5UbmxWU1Y5U2FZZERaQlZ6YnFKbU0zd0VPeE4zWWpkRVJsSkZldUpGTVdKa01yWm1ieGdYYkxwbVVtRmpVR05tYzAwV2NIaFhXeWgxU0xwRmRrRm5VQkZqWnJsWGFaZHpNSHQwTjNWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAgaVPa.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Akaram Kidz
http://?MWRHTlJwWGNXaEdNaUZrUmlwVWRKZDJWcGRWWjJoRk5PZFdXRXgyWk5sVmVYbEdkdmMzYnZvRVp5RjNUdHRDUlBsbVFFSlVTMEpUZTZGbVUxdFVRdEoxWnF0bVNzbG5leHhXYkwxRWRVSm5iWE5WTXp0U1NQUldXM05IUkVsWFkxVUVlemhtTXRKWE1ycDJkRmhsUnpvWFEyZ0VicGh6YUI1V1Y1Wm5jeVpEUnE5U1U0ZG1hVnBVTTRoMGJIRjFkT2hHU3lOMlo0WmtieWdXZDJjbVJ2aFdiRnRrY2poRGN3OXlNcmcyTTBRbk1IcG5NcUZsZGpCWGJCVjNUdVZtUzBBMVRZMW1TR0ZtVzNFMGFvWlRRSUZXUzZWV1lyWTNkaGhtWU01MGRzWnpkQlZqY1FsMk0wdEVXaFIzWXhOblIzSkRWMXRTYTR3V1FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Animax.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Animax
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyTm5lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SlhiQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNWWFlpWjNLT0prZXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVDExVWE0cEhaVDEyU3MxMFpzeEVUNHRtV3Faa2JJTkhiMEFuVXpSV1ZwRjFLVWxWVVRwV1laNUVUNjkwZHlKVmFMOWlhekZYUXpnWFE0Y1dhUk5GY2lWa2NqZEdWdjQyVXhkblNqTldTenBtVEZKRWF3Y0dhcmcxVDBvblNwMVdjNGNtVXhjV1QzZ1hRd1pIY3NKSFp4SUVWM0pGV3pnMlZSZFdhNFJFT05wVWJFSjBRRUpVUnVSbVFPTlZhdnRHVVlwMFE2TjNhMk56S254ME5uRkhOM2gyVFFkM2EyNGtWcmsyWjVVWGVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/884675389859090432/ZZ_PwKWt.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", AniPlus
http://?ckp6YlRsV1cyRm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTjRCVk9XRlRSbnBXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFZ0TjNaNGwyTlN4V1lpWjNLT0pVY3VabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPSm5TMU5YVFJSR2FoSkdhU3gwTXFkRk9LeFdjeUVITUl0Q2JVaEZiYWgxVTRJRFoycDJaU2h6ZGpoV1cyMDJUbmRuYlhsbU00dFdOdUZVUnJ0U2VKRm5VWkZWVnpwRmN5OW1TMlVUTTNaRU0xcDNLT2RtWTVnRFJSRjJkUWRWWU1KRld3TlRTNVEwZG1wbWNZWldXQ0pEZEdWVk5ERnpjbloyWVpGRWRCZEhWelowS2FSamV1TjBTT3R5YzRGbVN2OENicE5IV1ZsMlJwaDFaeFJsWjJ0VVJ2MVdkckVYYnlFM0xHWlRWNWQzYktsRGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d0/Babyfirst-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Baby First
http://?ME5UZHlFbmVPRjNOUlJuV29aMlpNdEdhc3BFVnVGV01LSldXeUZITTFZMFozcFZjTWxYY3p3R1pxTlRhYVJXYnBaWFMzVUhiTFJ6YXdZblZORlhiNHRrWnJVV2NLTjNWUmgxVWhGMVp6ZEZSMVkzVnpCbGUwcFZOM1JYWTM4V05JeFVieDFXVzBzV040OXlielVuVHZzR1VMNVVkc0ZGZUJsVFFVTkhlbmh6WjNWbFdxNVdWM1lVWTNWMGEwTXphaGRsYnV0U04xTnpWWUZYUzNkemJtMW1haTFXZHJNMFNzcFhXSFIwVTE1V1IzVkZSeWdUZHBOWGJoUm1WNEZuV0xoRFR5SW5VSjFHZHlzeWJKeFVUNTRXVHJoamR4QXpUc2xYVDNWek1oTlhiM1VtYVB4MlE0RjNUQ3BFTXRwMlN3SVhSbmhWZTJsWGVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Boomerang_tv_logo.png/758px-Boomerang_tv_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Boomerang
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cyaG1lcHBtVEtGRmNCVkhiMjhFTnFCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNkV1lpWjNLT0pFZXVabGRKcG5OdFpXUmpOblpPRm5TMU5YVDVOWGQzZ0hUazFFUjNWbWJGeG1lNHdtTVpOVWEzcFhhdzhTVjZGbWU1aHpidlYyTkMxR09qWkhkeUVqY1pGRWFQVlRidmhqWjVRVmNKcDJkb1oyVUlSamN6WkVSeUJIVTRaMWRpdGlSSkpuY2lSVE0yWlRlVEpsWnlGRFpxSjNTakZuZUlkV2VLWjBSdk5WZENKRWJaVmthcUZWTm5Gak4yeFdNMThHVk5SamJVWkRkd3RHUzBKbU1DWmtSdVJuUnZwM2NKcFhiR2hVTllKMVJ3RkdhUnhrTmlsbWMyODJia1p6Y3hkelVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/CARTOON_NETWORK_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cartoon Network
http://?Nkp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGMWRCVkhiMjhFTnNCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5SlhjQkpHVHZrRFYyTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0prZHVabGRKcG5Od1pXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVHQ1R2NhZGxZeXdVVDNoa2NxaDFkMmdITTZCWGM0WjFkcGRXTXdoVk00UlhkMkVVYjZobVJpRkhla2hEZTRrbGN5ZG5Vbk5IV1haRVV5ZFdRTUpVUVM5eWJXaEZjNEowUTFCelE0Qm5iQlJuVE01a1FLRjJiTlZUZXdkSFp1cGxUckVWVzVvV1NXaG5jSkpuY3JNWGJTRnpab3QySzRnMGMya21TbGRtU0NWMmF5WTBLdFJFUjRKM2Q0TlVPV2huVnVGR2JPbDFiRnRpYkV0eWFuWlhkdVJEVEdkSFUxWVZTenNFZUVsMGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/16/CBeebies.svg/1280px-CBeebies.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cbeebies
http://?d0p6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSblpYUlhkVWV5Sm5hQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVGxsVGFRSm5lNmxVVjNoMFNqOVdlVHBHY01KM05pdFVhTU5XU3hZWFN5MTJid0JYVFVSWFFtRlVaWFJWZHUxa2FZVmtUMlJIT3lJMVpYSkhiRWQwVDNnVGQ0TW5ja3RXTW9ObVE0dzJWWmRHUzBoSE91QmplTjVFZHZwVVZ5bERVbDVVVk1oV2RuTlVkS1ZVZTRaM1FQdFVjb2hIVjJkVU9zdDJSUWhIYVVKbmNqNVdSVzUwTjE5U1pJUjFTd2NIUm1abWRoaFVjMjVXWkdkM1Q2QkRjM1lXTkdWSGJPTjJhUEpuZDVKbFpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Disney_Channel_Germany_Logo_2014.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Channel
http://?NEp6YlRsV1cySm5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbk5YUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFZyTjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0prYnVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPdG1TMU5YVE5GV2NCVjJMNDhVZDJWVWFtZFRUS2RHTXFaRWIxaGthcllFV3I4eVV5Rm5kd2wyU3M1MktwQm5SMnAwY2F4bVRTZGxkb0ZUYmFGWFlTZDJabHhFV1Mxa2NobEVSMU5qUXl4bVMyOUNkQ3htWUJkSE82dGllbGxYUnhCVk9vQkZWbmxuYnNWbk1JZDBheFJqZHV4a1pTZFdUM1JuYVdKVllGUkhOTDlTTzNjWGM0b0ZaUU5FT3hsRVd3UmxiMnNHVFZKMlFqVm1hbU4zTkNaWFpyaFdTdXAwY1cxR2RXVlRidlFuYURKbFZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.cartoonbrew.com/wp-content/uploads/20100604112357disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Junior
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cycG5lcHBtVEtGRmRCVkhiMjhFTnZCVk9XRlRSbmRXUlhkVWV5Sm5jQkpHVHZrRFYzTjNaNGwyTlNOWFlpWjNLT0pFY3VabGRKcG5OcFpXUmpOblpPcG5TMU5YVHFoRGJzWkZhd1JUU3ZWV2JzTjBZSWRXYTV3V1Q0dHliMEIxS3lJSFc1Um5OeE5UWUZwR09QaEZaVEIzWnhva1lsTkZWcGgxYjZwRVUxMFdTVnRtWjJrRWRxaGpSUE5XYzVkalF4TVVWYWhuU041a1JYUlZjNWhUZEI5MFQ1RnpSdzRXYW1CblkyZ21VU0pUZHlBMU14eEVTdFJtVXlna2RqWm5SMjAwYTJZMWN5aFZia05FY3BKRWF3VlhTc2gyYlk1RVJzWmxiQ3QwVXZkMlU1Um1jNmRUYllsM1VYRkdSUzFtY3drbE5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?MlZsZFJWRFR3MUdNcmdWTTVZamMxRkhidllIU3JoRk1tOW1RdVJIYlM1RVNwZDJhbFZHTjI0a2V0QjNURUJGVVJoWFFEOWllSmxEYzRKVVVVRnpjb3gwYTFObVpUMTJUWVZIYUoxV2RrTjNOdnBrZDBKek5XQkZjTVJIUmpSMlQxSVVlQkYwTFhwV013QnpZMTVFVXJwWE5RVlVXa1ZVZGhORk1UcFVPNWx6S3dVWFFwbG1lbnRHT1dkRmVZUkRlS0YxTTVWMVowWlVPNWNIYTJWalVMbEdhNXhrUXpkbmN2ZHpLVDltVVcxV1UxSVdia2QwYTRSM1FFVjNWNmRFVXdCSFowRkhjaTlVVlB0Q2NRVmpOTjVHVTBGMFlQdEdNRlZYUTRRVFV4c2lheElETXlkSGJvZFhaM1ptVVdoR1RKTm5OT2wzY1doSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?NVZsZFJWRFR3cEhNcmdWTTVZamQxRkhidllIU25oRk1tOW1RdWxHYlM1RVNwZEdlbFZHTjI0a2U1QjNURUJGVVJkWFFEOWllSmxEYTRKVVVVRnpjdngwYTFObVpUMTJUWVZIYUoxV2FrTjNOdnBrZG5Kek5XQkZjTVJIUmpSMlQxSUVjQkYwTFhwV00yQnpZMTVFVXJwWE5RVlVXa1ZFZWhORk1UcFVPMWx6S3dVWFFwaG5lbnRHT1dkbGNZUkRlS0YxTXRWMVowWlVPNUVIYTJWalVMbG1lNXhrUXpkbmMyZHpLVDltVVdOWFUxSVdia2RrYzRSM1FFVjNWcWRFVXdCSFowZEdjaTlVVlB0eVpRVmpOTjVHVXpGMFlQdEdNRjFXUTRRVFV4c2lkeElETXlkSGJ6ZFhaM1ptVVc1R1RKTm5OT2xYYVdoSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jiajiakt.com/images/global/logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Jiajia Cartoon
http://?d1ZsZFJWRFR3cEhNcmdWTTVZRGUxRkhidllIUzFoRk1tOW1RdWxHYlM1RVNwZFdjbFZHTjI0a2VxQjNURUJGVVJwWFFEOWllSmxUZTRKVVVVRnpjMngwYTFObVpURjNUWVZIYUoxbWJrTjNOdnBrZG5Kek5XQkZjTWhHUmpSMlQxSUVhQkYwTFhwV001QnpZMTVFVXJwWE5RVlVXa1ZFY2hORk1UcFVPMmx6S3dVWFFwTm5lbnRHT1dkbGVZUkRlS0YxTTVWMVowWlVPNUVIYTJWalVMbFdlNXhrUXpkbmNwZHpLVDltVVc5V1UxSVdia2RrYjRSM1FFVjNWb2RFVXdCSFowVkhjaTlVVlB0Q2JRVmpOTjVHVTZGMFlQdEdNRnhXUTRRVFV4c2lleElETXlkSGJuZFhaM1ptVVdsR1RKTm5OT2wzWldoSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/VRT_Ketnet_Junior_logo_%282018-%29.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Ketnet Junior
http://?NlZtU3gwR2RDZDJTeFVEVDBOemNNVm5SVUpEZXJwM1pOaDFTNHNtUm5kV2VGRldibk5rWXZNa2R3SlRPVkpVVDRBWFNFVlZNdGRFZXAxa2RSWkZhMk5EY1RWVlRFNVdWdzhHVHdjemRDUkRUM3NVWXFselFtOUNjRGRtTmlaaldMTkZhem9WY1hCM1ExTkhiNEkxVjFwbmNRaDFUb1ZYYXpJSGFLVmxkeVZETmxwa1d3UTNMSFZHT0RObWFRWlhXMUkwYnZCemIxTXpOdVYzUnBSM0xEbEhhc056THhVV2JvSm5TNGhuTVZGWFFQeEVUM2tGYVJWMGJtcDJkdEpYZXdVR2M0TUhlbWh6TFlsbmV0RmphNEp6U25oV1V4d1VUMTgyVXJVM052MEVlWnQwYjNkMkxxcG1lcjhpY2tkR1pIVmthMDVHZHhVR2VKUlRZdlpUWTRNRFpHbFdTM1VIWmFOR2JNdHlMS1pGYm9CVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-Vas4UzOl0KE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/_fWZBwq0qnA/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Kids Channel
http://?eUp6YlRsV1cybG1lcHBtVEtGbGRCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbmxXUlhkVWV5SjNkQkpHVHZrRFY0TjNaNGwyTlNGWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPaG1TMU5YVHVKRGRVbFhXMkUzVjZSalpwVm1UNDRXUzRFRGFZTjFhMXBIT3ZaVE0xZFhUenAyUUJkV2N6OGlWU3BXZHdvR1NsWjJSd0ZXTzZwRVJUZG1SNU4wUVZWMGJoWnpNMG9sUTFOMlNESm5TV2RXTnNkVlNreEVhR1JrU0VabVJycFVlcmNUVzVRM1NURmpic3RVYzVVVE4xWW1ReGxsTXcwa1JIcDNZQmRGYU9oVWJvWkVST2xVWTRsVGQzaERNUVJYWXRKVVZVSjBaWXBsZEx4V1MyTlRTd05WV3VkMlFsVjFWTFZYZHI0MlFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tfc2BYM.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Kuriakos Kids
http://?PUluYjBJbWJrTm5jQ2htYnc1MlVuVkZWeWhUVXVCSFZzaEdSMGh6Y0NwMlNUZGtlNWhGTVBoWFZuUkhVRkozVURsbWRYZEVTNWwwTnBaell3bEdNS2wzYXdZRk50TjJiMHdXUVJGbldzUm1Nc3RrVnI1V1NSRmplM2RUY3FwVWQyRm5hNDkwWUVObGFYcDNWaVJFVERaWGUxTjNTMk1tWTFka1p2ZEZjakJIUnYxMlJ3Z1hhUHhFVExSbWEzOVNWUUZtYzMxMkw1YzNTUTVVYXpsVlZzSjFRcU4wZDJaMFRRaEhNVlZHVFBsRWJ2WTNhdUpqZXZOV1ZaWmxSbTFtUk8xa1QzZzBjcjhDUnprRWFwOTJiM1JWVTFsSE5JRkhlSmxWY1hOalJQbFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/74-749810_the-animated-series-mr-bean-cartoon-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Mr. Bean
http://?MmhEZXlOVk1TMW1RaDVFZUlaWGVqWjNRa0J6UnhGa2NGVlhTWDVXUXBKalp3SW1jamQzTnZnamN1bDNhbkJUY3pZbk1yWVZldkJEYVBkR1VveEVSeUoxU04xMlVrQlhWRlJWYVg5V2JFaG1VSlYwYTRSRVMzTm5OVVIzYm90Q2RFUlVkMU1EY0hwa1U2aDJLS1JtVnhrbmJOdG1ZMVEyY3V0MmNEbFVPNUIxUTFCWFlPVkhhUFoxUmk5VWNGQjFMWGhVV3M5MmNoOXlLMkVYVXpwRVR3eDBha1pXTm5KRFRvZEdhcmwzU2pkM01NOVVlSVJqY0xWak02RjFONGRUWjJra1RMTjNaemNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/Nick.svg/1280px-Nick.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Nick
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cydG1lcHBtVEtGbGVCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbkpYUlhkVWV5SjNaQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlN0V1lpWjNLT0pFZHVabGRKcG5OeFpXUmpOblpPbG1TMU5YVHJjWGFRbG1VUXhVYzVwV1V6VW5UNE0zU0JWa2N4RlZiRzUyTlBSMFZ2NUdOSUptUXI5bVZrWkZWaTlpZHdwbGUwbHpMMXBFVXF0U2R2Y0hjQ2QyYjJOamQwOEdTTlIzUTJaellZdGljcUJYVTVGR2VsTldjME5IZDRRRlYzVlZaT1pqYW5oblNVVkdiRmxYZG1KWE55czJLcEpIV3ZKVVJqSm5jMXBIWnhaMGJ1QnpMYVYxWnlSMEttZGpVeVlITzVwV05CdGtieGRVUllSVFYwdGlhdFYzTHlkMk1yVjBjUU5EYlVKamVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/POGO-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Pogo
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cycG1lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnlCVk9XRlRSbmxYUlhkVWV5SkhkQkpHVHZrRFYxTjNaNGwyTlNCWFlpWjNLT0owZHVabGRKcG5Oc1pXUmpOblpPVm5TMU5YVFVwbmVpbGxONU0wYXlGWFNCOW1OTkpIVTI0VU1LcFZkNUVUVEJ0VVo1OVNSMGtXZHlrM014QjFLQk5FYXBoRlVKVmpWelJHVXl0bVltOUdVR3hrWXFOV2NEZGpRQkYyUjBobFdGVkdhTTlXUVlSM1VsaHpaNEozWldOelYyQm5WdnAyTTBwWGVoTjFhMVZHYm1CM2ExRUZXMmQwUWFwM05QcDNZU0ZWY3dobmRFVlZUUkJqVjNkMVRFdG1aNU4zWUR0MFpVeDJjMGxUVDVwM1N0TjBZNlJ6VFlobVU1YzBkRk5XY3ZrMUtCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://content.web-repository.com/s/24572485377859353/uploads/Images/Shemaroo_Me_LOGO-02_2-4464096.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Shemaroo Kids
http://?d056YVdoSFQ2Vm5ReUVuVzA0RWRVcGtZRzlVVnd4R2JGZFdiQmxuVUpKVk92RWtjeUFUT01OMlQ2SjNOM0JWWVlsblZ2QVRaWUZrZExwRWNIaFZOb3BXTzBBVlF5OW1lMVZEZXExMmQ0SWtVbGRsYTNsV2F5UjBWREYzWlV0U011MW1iM3AzYUM5R2VzcEhOb1ZsVHo1MlU1UWtiMlIzZDBNelRSTmtObmgxYTF3R1I0QVhleGNGVExSV2NNbFdXd3BIZHpOVFdMMTBLMEFYTXJwMFlhQkRiaEIzTnJSRlpybEZaNkJWTjVjM2FpVjJZNFlUZGhSRFZ3QmxkclYyVDNNbk00eEdVaVZqVUlCSGNWRlRkSjl5WTZSVlF5SldaNUJuZTFkR1NqRnphUEpsTVg1V1Y1bG1UYVYyTks5V1RDeG1hclFYYXRsRFN2dDJMNlZXZFdObFc0bG5OQ1IySzNnbGF2RkhTS2RUZHh0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.vhv.rs/dpng/d/461-4612823_sony-yay-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Sony Yay
http://?dUp6YlRsV1cyVm5lcHBtVEtGMWFCVkhiMjhFTnhCVk9XRlRSbkJYUlhkVWV5Sm5iQkpHVHZrRFZzTjNaNGwyTlNsWFlpWjNLT0pVYXVabGRKcG5ONFpXUmpOblpPWm5TMU5YVFZGM2F0WlVScFJXT3ROa1JOWmxNQ2QyTTFJMmR2WVhlNFYxVUdGalE0cFhUM0lIVHFKSE00RUdTaTFrYXVOWFpMZEZTNGxXYjZoaldqcFdWTGgyVTBrbGJsNTBReWhHV3pKblVOQm5kb3BHZDF3MFRVWmtkU1pWWnNkRGM1OUNibVpGTmExV1VPRmtUNThFYXhSbFdRZFZXeDlVU2tkRFJ4Tm5jT2huYkkxa2FFWkhVd3RDV3hoV1FXRkVWUUIzSzBzR1pGeEdlUHRFVEoxVVp1TnpRNHNFTTRoSGEwUjNiSmxGZDUwV2FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RzPOwqI.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Spacetoon
http://?MEYxTGpsRk4yZ0dhejBXYjNrMmNIcEdWbVJHV3JwMEtqWkhVM01YU0JkVWI1QkZiMFozVnlsVVJ1VjJVNVVGZVhkblV5TkZWMTFXYlFaV014UW1TcVIwYnZjemM0bG1iMVVsV3FKbWVyRUhVdngyWjNKWGFVUlhVamQyYklSRGQ1dG1idWxIZDFsemNySlRUNlozTU81V1d4eDBaSlJFYjM5MFZ6TW1icjlTT2tCak02QjNhdGxVTmxaMWQza1dWWWQzSzVKemRYaFdkR05IUzFrRWF5QlZhaGRFZExsR1c1Um1NbloxTml4R1UyazBRdjhXZVhKelU1WnphNTFVTkdwM0tGOTJZeVpsVnk4aWR6SmtibWhYUXF0V1NORkdjUWhIV2k5U2VTUkdlTzlrZXhFMVlydFVNS2xUYXZaSGJDaERUUHBXYnlGbVdWUjNUNk5tWjNvMU5ySVhTeFkyYzNKRGExY1RhWFYzUjFGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngfind.com/pngs/m/92-923509_tom-and-jerry-png-transparent-image3-tom-y.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tom & Jerry
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c1zC46V/idYZDje.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", TRT Cocuk TR
http://?PWNIZTE4eVFGMTJiNFExYWtsRFN3bEZaWmhtV3RaWFV5UUdhM1FVYnpVWFNtVlZZb3hrTXFCalJ4RlhVNVlVZXI0MmNuSjFUVzlDZXRsa2FGTmxiQjlXYnJjMmRsUmtheWNVYjBaamR0SmpTNHdtYnFkMlM0azFhVU5IY3QxbVRSSldSdVpFVFlOamVueEdTcUYzTGp4RWF0bGtTcjQyTG45U1N3aERUQmxIWmtwVlpFVlViQkZEY0lOR055WkVOSWxWTXBCblR1VjNiVUpVZHVGWGFHNVdaMWxWUXVaMVY1QVhScWhtWnFwRWVrRkVWMXRVZHVSSFRwZEdWNGcyS3hSRVIwbEVheFZ6ZEJKSGNxQmpkc1JGWnN0bU4yWjNVSXQwY1VkMmM1UlRN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Tvokids-logo.svg/1280px-Tvokids-logo.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tvo Kids
http://?cUpXZFNOM01NWjNOeEp6S1loRGFPeFdkQmxYVXY1R1R0ZEhkVzkyY0lWM1VxbEVlM1YxZHlwWFZ0ZG5NbkIzUTNaM2J6ZGxUdkUwZGlOMFRCVlVleVJrY0xsemR2RjNZTVIzVWhSa2FwSlhPeUV6UXlaekxRRmpNWVpIYW5wV1dHTmpjcmMxTXFWM1l4QlRZRVoyTnRwM1pyaGxjdmxrZUtSVGNFZFRiMGRGT3dnRU00c0djNGxUV29OVmNOQlhkQ2gyWW41VVN2TlVVcWRYVXpGWGJXSjBaclJYZTQ5U2VydFVSclpITzRzR1VQVm5RejlVZGlWVWJ2Y0ViMmREYTJkWFNwbEdkUWhXTmlaVmEwb2xicWRWUzZOMmRKWkZSMm9HV01sMFJ5dzBiTlYyWndNMksxWmxWVVJXTjM5V041MUVlM3hVYjFCallzSmpOdUowYzA5a1FyVkhSU2xVV1BWMWNUUjBSNlYzUnA5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7sUmqv2.png" group-title="Kids Channel", WZra Kids TV
http://?b0prUjFoMVV2b1haSGRET2tWbGR5cDNRa3RDVHdaRlM0a1RlaE4zYjM5MmR4UVZhREJGU2g1MFV0dEdaWXBVUjJsM2RJTlRVNUowWjBWVFY0TTNWcGxGU1NwMVphaEdUMkZHZXJVbGF5bEVjMUpIVnVsMGN4bzNhMjVXZHo4bWJzTjFhMXNXV0cxVVZ1OVdiWDFVU0ZobVZNbFhaNDBrYXlkV2QyZG5RMzVHVEhkMVpqRm5kMEUzTjBRMWFpNW1kSGxGTzFaMUtCUjNRd2tXVUJkR1dYVjBkeFJIVXdoRGN5SmxRejFXVWxKblVLWjNTS1JFZFcxRWU1bEZiNkZVYVZGV2NoaEhUV0ZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/flix-280-200.png" group-title="ULS PLus", & Flix HD
http://?eFJFZVo5Q2J5MEdVNWhFU1NoM2NpZGpZNE16WW5oMmRCcDJRUFJYTUM1VU9XaEdkcFozU1dCWFp4RjFSNE0xVUhsWFZUVldadXBWYk9oallDWm5ab1ZsY2xkVVdudDJWMlkzWWF0eWR6ODBRcklITjJaR01xaG1acmxXUUhsa1FYTjJkcWhFVFpWV1pzaDBZYTlpTXM1MlVTVnpieFJGZHNKM1VXWkRWd2hEYTBNbWNESlhZWlpuZTFWVWN6STFWNFltYzJSbGF4azJTNVFYYTFvWFpLUm1haGhWUjJJRU92UkhheE5rWlVsWFd5ODJUNHRTZXFWVVFCbFZSNEZYUWFSRVpUbDJhSWxUYlAxbWRKdGlVRDlHVG5sM1RDcDNieTBXVVNoRWI2OWtlQ2RUUTNsM1F2OTBTbzVVV3RKSE41QURXNE5qZXJJRVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/4f/Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg/220px-Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", & PrivÃƒÂ© HD
http://?NVJFZVo5Q2J5OEdVNWhFU1NoWGRpZGpZNE16WXVoMmRCcDJRUDFXTUM1VU9XaDJkcFozU1dCWFp6RjFSNE0xVUhwSFc0SURlMFJUYnI5VVV3WTNOekJITUVsV2J3QTNTTUJ6WWFWamFya0RkNVkzUzFkMWR2TlRaSjVtUlpsMlpERkRlMUlFT3Y4Mk42SnpkNEpXVTBWM1JFcEVaeVJXYXhkMU0zSWtieUZGT3ZGelI0OVdURDFrVTFsVmVSSnpMbVpXUm5sVmF4Z1VaM00zWWhSbmJQdGlhdFJsTXRoSE0wTm1VUVoxTDFNM1pQcFhkMDlrZEhObVJoVkhiNEZETXZBalpYaG5Za05tU3RWVWVDTjJMS1pYVXRWVWVyMEdhanRtWVRGVFpKVkhhM1ZrVHlZSE4xcEhVMWhsUjVsR1JLRmxOVUpYYlQ5RVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", ABZY MOVIES
http://?MEpXTWpSVVdpRjNaeXNHYjVVRmNNeG1TeXcwWm9sRGRucGtUMDEyTnJOR1N5Rm5heklHYnlFRFVvSm5NeWxVU0dkbWEycFZTd29FYXZJM2N5TWxZbnBuTnpKVlo1ZDNiVWxFVEpsMlpZOTJMeEIzTnJGbmM2RnpMdGgzYm85bWMwOUNjbUowTXNaWFFudDBNT3AxVTRwSFVDOXlVU2hUZFFWVmFxNTBkNjlrVzRFMEt5RW5Oemh6TnlrMWF3UlhTMllITXoxa2VPbDBkMm9ITmk5Q1JMZFZib0JYWjVRM1IzcFdPdkUzTHJvbVlTNUdlNUpWYTJjWE4xOVdlcXRTTk9GSFdPaG5XemNuUjU1a2V0SlRieGNrZHFWV2RsaEZkeVJuTWxWelNvTjFkMWxUZTM4V1d1bEdkRVpuVGFkMk5VRjJjUzFHY010MlZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/ab/B4U_Kadak.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200320100818" group-title="ULS PLus", B4U Kadak
http://?M3QwTVZ4MFl5aDJkdHhHT3Q1RWMyWVdiMmNIVzMxbVNSaFhUYWRYZXNaR1YzUnpjMUprU09abmE1dHlMWTFHZG10V2VDVlhTMkFEYkRSRmN0bGphckZIZTBZMlV4ZEdSNGdsVkIxMFpyOVNZMGgwUTRKa1ZDZGxNTjlXWUZGVFFaaHphRnAyVkt0eVlwcEZSWDVFVU1aM01xVldhbmxtZUt0bVF0SjFSdVIwZE1wRk1sZFhSUXRTWU1abWFWNTBjMGxuTm85MlFxZG1jaWwyYTRZMk14VTNhTFowVE1GRE5ueGtTTUZEV3dOblQwcG5SdmMyYXk4eVIxWmpSdGx6UUdwbGFoNVdkakIxZDBObWJ6RlhTNFpVZXRwblRzZGpTcUJuZXhVa1NYQlhjSlJYWXZCRk81eDJUMUZGTmk1Mk5CVmticjRFYW10MFZMVmpXMjVXZG1KRk41VTNLSzFFTXBwRWQ1bzFjTmxWVjJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Bflix Movie
http://?dXBtVTRwM1V3cDJjMWNWVDRVVWR1TmxlM2hEY3poWFRUTlZPM2gzY29CVlNrMUdldkYwVUZaVFp5ZDJRNDhVVFlGbmRhUkZackZYYjNoVVJRWmpZNVZUY1hobmN3aDNacWhrV3ZZamI0WlVUSzlDWnFSbVJ6WkdOMXRtWXdOVmE1RjBkMFFqVndOVVV5UjBObzkyVjBrM05MbGpTTE5IZFdKMU5HMVdRb1JqYlVwbVpFUm5ZSUpYZE1kVmE0SkdNMFVsV3RKV09yMGtRTkYzUm45MmRGWkRlNjkwVmtsMlYzSnpLd29FV3drblFWSkhSVk5HZHpkWFl6QUZjcjFrVUk5aWVscEhXQ0ZIUzRoR2FuRjJTeDRtWnFGV1VoUnphQ1ZYUkhkemN3QVhlaGRrV3dOWGN2bG1ieWh6TXhNM2JESnpNeFUxWmlwRk9TQm5iczFrYjZGWE0zVm5UeFptUkwxa2NvbEZhU2xsYTUxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://boxcinemedia.com/assets/img/logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Box Cinema
http://?eUpXTWpSVVdpcDNaeXNHYjVVbGRNeG1TeXcwWnRsRGRucGtUMEIzTnJOR1N5RlhheklHYnlFRFVvSm5NeWxVU0dGSGFZRkZXa05UYXdJblZWcEVPNlpXVW1oR080TjNONFFGZHlRM2NHUm1VeVJYT3pCWGJVOTBLRlZuV3dkbVoyWUZhcHhFWjFnSFJwaDFWNWhYZXhJblFKUmxiTlZuZDNsbWVQOUVUbk4xWVFoSFRTeG1RWUoxSzBGWGNJUlZaSFJFVXNOMUw2OTBWNVZYZDVnMVR6RUdkNWNEUk9KWFc2Vm1TMVpsWllsR1VqdEdUS3gwYnJ4MlJsdG1acUYyUU1obGN6Sm5lRnBVVGs5R2R4QVRkc05YUzVGRFRMWlRRamRIVnZJM0w1cFViWXRVZE9SRGVySmphSDEwTDVsWE8wcGtTdUJEYnd3V1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GjGiNIA.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", CHCé«˜æ¸…ç”µå½±
http://?NVJFZTAwbVkxQjNaUVZtYXhkemFwaG1UNkYzZHpGR1J4SWplNGttYlNCVlRwbFZidkJuV3g0R2MyaFRZNXNVVEgxMlNzUnpWU0p6YjVFbWJ4eEdac0pWZFY5R1ZGdEdPMDBFTzR4RWR6TlRTMmxWUzVOallDSjNhVlJuYktSRVZpUlhlMVZFYzVrMWM1ZFdZa0pYVDJsR00wWUhkcTl5YWxOblcyUnpkNmxtWTVCVk82MVdOUlJqUVhwbWVvZDJZNFlEZTZCVE0waFZiWEpIVDNCVmRVWmxhcmxITjRBWE15RlRadnBrYlZ0V1NLRjNLREJuZVVSMU5rZEZPNUpqYXhRVFZudDJkUzFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg/550px-Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Cinemax
http://?MkozWUdWemM0OVdaQjFFVllWVWVhQnpNemcxVHNSV04yZDJieEpIZGgxRVowNTJkU2xXYjJSV2J3ZEdNTkpHTkhWWGFFZGxXYTVtY3A5R2VyUjJLeE5sV3lSbmJyZG5jRVpEVEpoMlo1Y3pNbVpHY245VVpDWnpSb1JIU3p0a2JhZGphU1IwYW5GVE95RlhWVnQyWUZ4MlV5TVVlRVJtY3BaVVpqaGpTNUZVWXRsektoMUdVNWxtVGk5VWR3SUZPdkFUU3oxMFpGQm5kcVpuVUxGa1czRXpiM1lHVEcxMmR6QmpOaFoyTndsbWRCVlVadGxrY0VoVE5IRjJLdzlVZUl4R1JDZDNTejVFTUNObWF5MDJMV1puWW90U01LbG5XS2QyVW5oMUxOUkVhbE4wTGlkWE4zWlRUNVFXUklSWE9ESldaVkZEZDBSVGNxQnpUMVJHVjNSMFVZMVdjdEYxTm5kbWNDRkhSMU5XT3NsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", DD National
http://?c3QwTVZ4MFl5bDNkdHhHT3Q1MFoyWVdiMmNIVzIxbVNSTnpjdVIzZG1Obk12RUZkRWQwWTFkSFoxaEZTejlFYnVsMksxUlhUd1oxYUhGamR6SlRVeEZVUkZCbk1IcDJLdkFWVHVOMmIxSkVackoyVndSM0x5aDJOSmRYVDBaVE14WTJiaTEyVVcxV2IyRjJMeFVGVUlkWGV3VjNad0UzZFpkbU5HcDNicnBGWnJKVlphMVdlMVJUYzM5RWJqbERlb1IyUjNGRlduVmplekFIUzE1bWRRMW1jM0FETVNCVlV6WmxScVJXVFZCSFRYRmtSd01tZExOa2FFUm1OcFZIZTNRbFZPNTJMNFZUWXJnWGRQaFdNejhDZHJGMFNKeDJheDRHUktwV1NuTlZiVFoxSzI4RWU1UnpVRGgzUXY5MlZybDBhc3RTZDVSV2J0TjNZdFYwTHJRelJMOTJad1YxY2w5eWRtNW1aRVpHYXFSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WjJ8MHC.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Dubai One ARB
http://?Nlp6VTQ0V05WQjNLRmxXU1ZKMVo1a1hRcEp6WnI1MllyY3pNcmgyVDVvWFdwcEhlcTlXWTAwbWVybFdSeGNYVktsM1JLWm5ObGhHYVYxVU00STFWdTEwY3pRblMwczJhMWhrUjJVMFpuOVVOakpUUXBGVk13Sm5RMFVIYTZaV2FHSlZhT0YwZFZOa054Vmthd0Z6VkdkSGN3bFROTXBXYnVWMFNGRnpTMk5WU3lJRVJIeEdPUGhtTldCVmJZQkRXcGhsTXhsek1IUm1NejRHTk5sSFQwSnphMU1EYzZWekwyTlRWWWwzVEtkR2NCMTJUVXRtY1lsVmJ6Wnpab0YxWjJWV1YyY21VSUpUUXJRVGVYRmtaS1pUTjVwRWF4aG5OMmRtVTFFRVpMRmxleUZuYkpsVGR0ZEdSSUZUWWlwWFFQbFdkaEZXYnl4RVNycFZTM1YzS0hCVk5IZFdSUkpWTVo1VWFuRkZNNkZGZXJOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0iklNh2.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Groovy
http://?cFpWUzNoWGVPNW1ZbGRXYUx0MGNGVjJjR0ZIU29OVFoxUXpVNHAzYlBaMlJSZGxkVVZVZGFGalZ2OVVXMkozTjJvSFVuMUVaNGhGY1VkRFQyc0dWbmRUTnM1VWQxZ21iQ3AzTG01RWVycEhPVmgyYjNGRVN2RldSeDFtYWhaMmR6VW5jdTFVU1dkellxbERVUVpYYWk1R1J2a1RZdGxtY3lZV2JDWkZXemhuWjNwWFZ1dDJjSmRVU25WamRyVTJWTFJVY3ZoMlR6dG1ZS0YzU1RsVVZzbEdiSlYwZGsxMExzcFZPcklHYzVobVdVVlRkRXAyY0paVlUyOUVjemxIY0habFE2aFhRd05XVE1aRmJNVm5iMDhVYjUxRVVuNTJicm8yZHVaV1puNVdkT1ZFYVQ5bWQ2bFRZTVIxVnQ1R2IzNFdUT0pUZDBFMExCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/HBO_Signature_Asia.png" group-title="ULS PLus", HBO Signature
http://?eFZrTng4MmRvSjNkNVpuZFZkR2JzdFdWelJYWTB0U2V6cDBWNEpYUzJvWFkzMDJkNEYxVXZna01zaDBTMmtXVzEwbWFHcFVaekJuZDBJMU5KWmtZMEZIYkU1VVRQNVdkSzFXWjNCemJ3SjJLM01uYTVGV2MySkRlb2xIV3NSemROcFdjYXBFZW4xVVZ0QkhhdloxUnpKblRTRjJiWUYxZEJWelpDbDBWc0pUWTZKMFVSaFdjMjFXWXFWbWQxWVhVc0JqWnZ0MFp5UUdSdWRYYnc0MFFFVkRjNW8yYTFvR2JvUlVXMWRtVlRoM1JSTjFRaEpuYWFOa2EzWlZjdTlTZDZCbGR2WUhTRWRsYWhoamNvRkZUck5qZXNKVmMxcEdPd1ZYTXdFWE5TMVViSnhXZVNCRmRwSkdWMEFUYmtSWGVJaDBjMEZuZUlWa1FabGpaM3hHUktobmRSMTJRaVIxTTRNbWRJUkdOWmRGVDZCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RPwKZUD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Arabic
http://?NVJHYTZwSE1JTm5aR0ZEZDZaVWM1Sm5VUFZVY3o5eWRTVkdNdGwzVXpjamExQjNaMGwyZDBkRE1wbG1TR0ZVTm5SM1ZJSlRkTHBVZERCVlZ6Y1RTcjFrVk5SV01vcFdlenRXVXNObGV5Tm5ZaFZIZTNsRmJUZFdkekpYV1Q5eVV6VWxhak5GZTNVV1R0VjJVVEZYVnlFSGFrSlZjenhXYXJ4bWJ5WlRXeWhWVnlZbFFGQkhSRFZWVjRNamNCQlhZSmREYjJGek1hSjBRaVYzWUx0a2FQRkhkczlXU1cxVWJ3TmplTEZXUTFnSGFpZDBOSFpIY2F0a1VRcFZXd3RtTkJWME4xa1dXNEZsUWlOWGN4SW5ZdFpVUzVGM1Z5UW5lcjVtUUZsVlpvaFVkMllUVnlJbWV4VlVUMFptTVNKWFlTZEROeVZEZUNobWFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GgmXZRU.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM English
http://?PTBHV21sVGR6bFVhem9YYXloV2F5Wm5SdTltVGs1MmMyOUVTNFVrYnk4U1I0ZGpZNHBIUlBwbVdwcFdPeWszWmhwVmJNVmphdm9HTndSM1JPbHpTbk5uYnpkMkt5c1NhaGQyYzBNMlUyWm5ZcFZrVkxoR2F2cGtZU04wZHp4MFlJSjNOdUZuVGhCWFMwYzJLNmhrTUNOemJETkZNRmxqUnpOekxPTlRhdlozVWhaWFRvcDJaTE5sTnF4ME1uWkZPVWRtTk50V1JTVmtlMlkzYlhsalNaRkRhdEpuZDZGM0tZbG1lV0pUYVZOV2VwOVNTdkVrVXZGRE96SlhVaWhHWlFSelZ3TW5lRmRET3hGemNxaEhhM0FGTU1KSE5ZcGxlSFIxZEdOamExRVVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/El4Ymh6.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 1
http://?dFJHYTZwSE1JZG1aR0ZEZDZaRWU1Sm5VUFZVY3A5eWRTVkdNdE4zVXpjamExQkhkMGwyZDBkRE10bG1TR0ZVTm5wV1ZyNTBSNVVUZENOV1p3VkRkNFJVTW41a2UwbzJOakpHVlFOM2R6WlRibmhHT3hKbmIwZ2pabXRtTVFWM1UwWlZjcGxUV3lFVU56Slhkbk5WVzFKM1RoTjFjc0JWYVZaVmV6Z25WcGQzUXhkbGJyVW5WaGxHVjVWMVpPMVdlRjEyY3BwbllGaFZRdkYzWXZ0eVNTWkZiUzUyTXlOSFNyUjJTWmxFT1NkMktaaEdPSloxWmFoMFR3ZEZXMEZEVkZSblJMbFdielFYY1JkRWQ2cEhacEZuVDYxR080VWtlSzEyWXkxMlIxUWxiQnRrWlZSVVMzbEZkTlZWVFpwblNSaGtjM1VFYjZaR1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://fa2.ifilmtv.com/img/test-final02.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 2
http://?PWtIV21sVGR6bDBkem9YYXloV2F6Wm5SdTltVGt0MmMyOUVTNFVVY3k4U1I0ZGpZMnBIUlBwbVdwWlhPeWszWmhwbGFKRldkakpXZTNGR2FSaG1hdm9tWU9wVk93WkZhYTlDVWlsRE42SldVVDlVYWhoV1MyTVhkNEZEZG9abFF3WUhPMjVtUjB3V1ZaMVdlS1JFVHBSMmFMdHljUE5XTzJKVlk1WW5aQnRHU0hsWE1IVjBaU1Z6TTVaVWI0Rm1jVGRFZUxOSGVSTkVka05WZXk1MFpLbFVZM2hXWkc5a1N1VjNUaEZHZHZNVmN3WlhNVFZtZTRablRQTmxZQjVHTk9oamR6a0hjeGx6TXJZR1RuTkRlNVlVWWgxV1ZoQlhRbjkwZHQxMFJGdDBi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Kasthuri TV
http://?M3QwTVZ4MFl5bDJkdHhHT3Q1RWEyWVdiMmNIV3QxbVNSbEROU2RuWjNGVFFKRkZlMkJUTlE1RU94aDNSaWwyWlU5R1JtUmxNMVZrYVBoSE52OGtXdFJWVFJWWGN2d1dWRFJ6YnA1R2J2UkRNSU4xU25sbVVFZFdhdmNuUVJkVFRsVjBhb1ZEWktsa1k1RnpWRHhXYURwbVFWSjNTNE5EYVQxbVEyQTFUMlpYY3lVektIRjNLc0ZtTUs5a2JoTjNUMU0zSzBoblVydzJRdmRtYW5SalNxNTBjaEZHTjVRM2EwdEdWM1FXYnlJWFEyVjBaUzEyYURCblVMdEdSM0Z6WW9WR1VZNUdVakprVExoemN0UmxUV0pXWjQ5RU9TcEZld1kzYVdwWGV3a1dkeVZUUnJSemNzSjJjSTVVT081V1lhQlRVd1p6YzBaMWFtbEVabkpXVERGR05zbFhRM0VUWnZzeWQ0VlRWNXBWYXF0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GbQuvWG.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Kuriakos Cine
http://?PXdtYjBJbWJrTkhjQ2htYnc1MlVwVkZWeWhUVXVwSFZzaDJTamh6ZFhGR1pFVkVkM0pIV3hRalozaDNTUk5qTWhORWN6SlhOS1psUnFKWGF4TlZVbWQyUkJWbk54bGtiQnBtYldsVWUxZFZkNFYxY0pwV1d0TmxiMU0xYXBkVVVWMTBWM3BVT0tkWE9TZG5RSnRDYUpaWGJ0MTBaR05tWXJSbGFUUlVOMFpYWVFkRVp6SlhiNVkyY2xKWE4zNWtSbWQwTmlsWFFRTjFVeHRFYjMwRU1DVmtkc2xrVHk0R2FUSlhlRmhYYXBGRGRPSkhadDkwUjNGM0x6WnpUeXRHYmg1a040STNka2xHU205aVIzZFdidkZXVHZaSFU0UVdhMXNXZEdKVU9XOVdi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MANORJAN MOVIES
http://?MnBtVTRwM1V3aDNjMWNWVDRVMGF1TmxlM2hEY3loWFRUTlZPM2wyY29CVlNrMUdldkYwVUZaVFowZDJRNDhVVFl4MmNobHpZUmQzYmhaM1JyUVhScjFXWTQ4RU5WSjNUejUwTnc4eVp6ZFdXV0pGTm9KR2JTMUdNc3RXY0pwRU5zRkhlaVZqWnhrWGIwdFdNMUFYZG1GWGMyRlhheWgwWjFvR015VUVSdFpGVnpwbk41aEhkeXNTVFdwM1pURlVjV1JtZXFsbWFaSjBSdlJYVXFGME1EVm1kNUJuTXdsRVR3cG1jM0V6WkdKbmNEUjNaNUlGZFpCRGFVWjBNelYzUkhSMlVFMUdkMFVUV3ZNbmJxZGtSNWQxWW85aVFGRjJOeEJuYkJoR2NySWpjNGsyYTFjRWJ4dEVkdTVtVllaSE9HdFdlNVZEYVkxR05SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/MBC_2_current_logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KXuzL1u.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2 ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n3TgfP0.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action HD
http://?PWduWXlnWFJTOWlkYTkwYTVoVmNuSldiNVlsTjRRM1V4UlRaclJGZXY4Q2VDRm5TcTEyY1lGVVJ1OW1VeVUwZHJvMmNhcFdSUnBHTXRaRFJ5UlZPdk1IT09ka2RKRlVjb1IxZG9aRWI2RkdWWHBFTVNwblM1RjNRWE4xWm14MllROVdTb2gwVHJJMmFzbEdNTDVVUjBZbmVKaEZjVVowY3lCSGUwRW5TSHRHZE1SMmQ0ZDNheXBtTjRWMVNvcDBObFp6U29GWE1FSmxUWEZIY0poVVEwZzJOblYwUWxSRFdTdEdVczVVYm5aR2RsaDBUREZXWXlKbmRXZDBSb1pYYndSamJZSm1iakYyYjNBblo0WmpZWjFtZHZCSGRCQlhPUXRrZXhOMmEzb1ZiNlJsUUNwVlREaFhVRUZ6WWExMmN6ZEdXTGhrUXNSSE4ySVdUcHQyWWpkVWJ6RXpiTlZrVnBaRE16RmthVGR6YlhCM2NWdFVRYVIxY3ZoV2VNeG1UdGhYWUNSVGM0aDNVUjFHTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama Plus ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X6EliFm.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcQizUbUT8maNhKAFqfByMLR7iwuILbHrJ2Tlw&usqp=CAU" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/mn%20plud%20hd.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", MN+ HD
http://?PWtuU3pBbFRERkRhdzhtTk1GamJ6TmtNMWNYTkdWWGJXaGpNTVpGZTJoR1c0MTJWd1ZETTFRMlJCQkhNUHRVY3dRMGMzTjJZMWhqYXdsMGREWmpOem9tZEVwRU54TnphclZIVU94bVZxOVNRcnNtYmpkWE5oVkhhUFJWY3h0RWJUWmtUNFIwTGFaSFNJVjNWNGxHVUJwV2FIRm5kd3RFZXdSVlJKUjJUTTlXY0x0Q1RQaGxkbTVVTVA5Mk14UlVVdkJuTjFKM1FsVkdSRmxXY1NKRWFCaG1admhEYWl4a1F0ZDJSMFlUWWtoVGVQdGlZeEYwYnhSMVo1RldSbnBYVk1ObWJJOVNjelVEZUtSVlpwcG1UWDFVVUVaWFEya3pOeU1EZEdOVWR2aDBk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pIuJqYk.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom
http://?Mk5YT3lnbWV0TjNjMlVtVGFobGN2QkZkNVpuZXJWV1RMNVdRYWRIU2oxVWQxZ0hjejRrYnVsVFN6MW1jUUZUZXE1MlV3aDJTc05EZXNsbGV6OEdleDFFY3NsemI1OVdkSWRXVXZnMFoyWWpjeEZUUTZkRVV2VkhWcHhHUkdKSFVSdFNhVWRYVG9aa1NybEVVNkoyYXd3Mk1VOWladk1GYjM1R2VMRnpiM2QxVm9WVVFWdG1RekZuVm5GamRGeFVRRFJuVnNkVVVDZDNNeXBHY2hKMWJ4QmpiaU5ET3hkbFR5cFdRb1ZrWUk5R01oZGxWMm8wY21kV1lTcEhUM3RtVUU5bVc1SlhiQmhGVkROSGFyUjJaenBHY3NGRFpTUkRaM3RHUzRKa1NvZHpiWXhrVUdWell1WlViaUpHUjRsWE16WmpOQmxYZTZWWFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/eec31809f3d6d71fced82e9d9143a57637a6b9b80f5474e67feb1d5ffc482884.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom (No Break)
http://?PW8yYzVJRGE2MW1helpUWk9wRlczOUdVMGxuZDZoWFpOdGtiQnBGZUlOV1QxVkRlc05qVHU1V09KeFdieUJWTTVwbWVTMUVOVTlrTXJGSFR4ZERWTFJuUnUxMlV1TkVlRkYzY1ZCMVp0UkVSVloyVlV0bWI1aGpWVUYzZFJoSFZ5cFVOdTlVWURabGEzRVhTcmhXTnlZMWFySUhjek1EVzRKM1FOVjJWNmxXU29WRFJwRmxjUGwzVmtkMFk1eEVieFIxZDVsbk1WbDJVckFuZXlkbWNueDJRckJYWjJSVVN4dFdWbmwyY2xkamFzUmtlcE5uUTRkVmN3aFVTMG9YZXloektRbG5kTjkyTXBWVlFxVmpOUUZsTno1V2Q0Z21kdEpHZDVOVVVXVlZP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/19/1-191215202451457.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", NewTVæœªæ?¥ç”µè§† åŠ¨ä½œç”µå½± (Backup)
http://?cmxUWjVoSFZ5Y1dXa2xFYVo1bWF3VjFhNE4yUXlsekx3RUdVMllIYkxSSFZGTmpjS0YzYXBKRFUxUkdkR0ZHY1hoWFdyaFRXMWNYY1NkelR0aDFWc1JrY0VsVVpVcFhaMmtIUzFFMWIzVlZRaVIxYXBWR2FSTjNkVzEyTDNGbmF6Y1RibGhFVUsxVWN4WmtkUDVrY3NkWGNPZDJOcUpsYzRCVlEwc1djemxXU3ZoRVQyNVdkejFHVFNwR2VrSkdSTlYwYXpkR2VoaDFack4zVVdGR2N0TldiQ3BVT1lGV1pxVldZclZUZGFKSFpKRlZkMUVtZUp4a1FDTjFLdlJXVXJKM0t0WkhNUWhXWWtkbmQzUkdWM28wZHN4MkxHbFdiVjEyVVl4bVZHWmtidWxsZW05aVN2RkdhTjlFU0RsbWVzVlhhMHdVZW9oMk1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Prime Canada TV
http://?dDVrVE1KVE16NUdicm9YWmkxRWJXcFZUSmh6THJOVVNSSkRURU4zUlNkMVl4UjNhMkkyVFlSMks0NUVXM2tXZVJGM2RtcGxOd2RrY1FWbWRZNVdRc2wxUTNKR09DcEhlWVpqYjU0MmNtcG5OWEpFUjZaRlZvaG5jYU5IWnROelZqUkhjMkUyWTVzVU4yWkRkM3NTZUkxbVdKWlRWek56YjE1bU1EZEhUbmhVVHhKR096Y1daajkyU2FKV2UyUUdkMGhEU29OSGNURkVjMmtuYnc5Q1ducFdlelFrVTVoSFN5aFhhMGdqWVV0bWRGVm1WaVpqY3ZNMVNxTkhkMWhsZHdsVGJKbG1SMUZuVVVKRWFDRkdjaXhFTXp4a1VCVjJUaVYzZHl4RVJDcEZkNDhtV3ZVWGF3aEVhSEZIYlJkM1FSbEhUMEJWZVY1R2JFUjBZcXBYZHZselpwUkhjUEZGVjNJSGE1bFZPMElWUnlCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Raj Digital Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/Sony_Max_HD.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20191222183157" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Max HD
http://?PXNtU3pBbFRERnpadzhtTk1GamJ0TmtNMWNYTkdSWGJXaGpNTVpsYTJoR1c0MTJWM1ZETTFRMlJCRkhNUHRVY3dRRWQ0TjFSUmxGYnpORWJ0TnpSMmdtU1hORk93QlhiRFpFYjQ1R2MwZEZXSmhUZVZ0V04wRVdhc0ZUY054RVNCSjFjeGxGU3FSM00wa1dXdlJWV245Q2QxeGtRNUVUVzJaMEx2Y1hPem9tTnprVFdUUkRjenNrWXJrbll6WkhXVkJUZGtWWE1aVlhiclEwYlRkWGNhVkdOemh6S3hJWGF5VW5kR04zZHhrRGRhNTJRVEJGYjF0bU0zZG1lemgzU3l4a1NETm1jTnAyUXp0eVN6SlRPd2xuYXpWWFNCWkdkNGdsZFl0V1ZyMFdZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/1/1374.1569972429.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Movies
http://?NUJIUzFZblJUUjNSS0ZHVHVOamIwa1VhQmxUWjBsMlN5TjBUWDUyYWpOMWMwRTJiemdtU3ZkV1dzVmxWRVZ6VHJvbk0zcDBWbkpYYVpGV093UURjdU4xYTVNV2VaZEdOU2xEU3lFVWFDUkZhTkJYYzJsM2NJRnpiblpYWVBGRk1oWnpaMXMwZE1SVFR3WkhlejVtV1pSSGRXRmtXcEJUZEg1VVlOVjJWcWhuUllwWGFMZG1TeXRrTTJvbGJ2bEhONXNHVnBCRFJ0VkVhR05YWlpaM1FwRkZkbTltWjVFRk9ucFVSTGhUVlU1V1pYbERVVzEwY3pCVlZvTmpUMGxrUnJ0a1pUeFdUNUVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/D-QPvXREprDcNJ9Ypfnrxd7nZ3Uil8pHjaZUWWtOQp2hLdYh4yk0KNHOVfih_d5_iA=w300" group-title="ULS PLus", Star Gold
http://?PXdtU3pBbFRERlRkdzhtTk1GamI1TmtNMWNYTkdkWGJXaGpNTVpsYTJoR1c0MTJWb1ZETTFRMlJCRkhNUHRVY3dRMFo1bEdlNXcwVXVaSFJROWtSWEYzVXVaRVZHRkRjd05IYnhsVWFyMVdhMm9YZWl0MlRHVmxUa2gxWnZRMk4zUWpReE4zTVl0R05KeDJLSlozY2g5U2J3aFhhNHQyUXFwM2IwRW1Vd1JYZXdsRlp6NVdkaEYwUnpoRFd4OTJkazEwTVhoWFM1TWxjMGwzYjNWR2VwaERaeUZ6UjFobVN3bEhUV1ZFZTVObmRVaFhPeTlpWnJSRE9RQlhOMHBIVHpFRVVzbEhiMVJWVDBSVlRycDFSeFltVUNWblNIVjFOWmxVYTFOWFp5Qm5S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ejp65zr.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV BNO
http://?MWQwYjRBVlQ0aFdaeThHV2pWRmVyVlZVc3RDVDFOSE1GSmtOWGxYWkdabVpEZEVlSFZ6TWFWM012TkZkMlZsVmFOSFVScEhWQ1JVZGtOM001ZG5idFZGT2k5bWRobDJjcFZWYlZGRGJVZFhTeVZIVHpOV1l4ZHpTbTlXWnd3bVIzazBiSUJ6TllSa2NuUnpiWmh6S3ZzR1JGTmxaNGhVZDM5MmRJUm1RNmRtVnk4U2R0aDJRUk5qVlRoemNrRm1kVHBIWjF0eVFxRmtTNHBHVFBabmQ0QWphVE5qUjJZRmU2VkZXVFZqYXlnV1FsaFdja1ZFZUpaMUxEbHpWNUpVVFRGMllvZEdOeTFVUldWSGVoZFZiaXRVZHZWamU1WVRhellITTZka2JoUjBaM1UwS3hsVVZubFhRSFJITXlvSGVNUnpadkpWYTVFV1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bEoN2tt.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV Cinec
http://?dDUyUzR0eU1LRjNSM01XT25KRWMzWUhXRE5HUnFkSGJxZEdhMTAyTlVSbmJxMVdlVFIxU3pkMFl0Rm1kelVGVHVaM0x6WTNLNmhXZHdaVlYwSUhaNDFVZFBSbWQ0aDNNd05HY0dWamE2Sm1jRU5VTTNWRmNHUkdXcHRtZHo0MFR2Z25kc2wxUTRSVGVvRkdhdTEyUVBsM1R6SWpVMmdGYW1wMFN2Z3pVNTVtUnlZVFphRlhlNXcwYWpoRWF1aHpkM01XYTRwMFU1OVdRRmxtY25CRE5INVdjblYyVUhKVFFvTmtVd2t6Y1doM2MwTTJaMEZuYjJnblRJTmtVMDlVUjZSblI0Z0dXSnAyYnJsVWFRaFhVaTFHWnhCbFFGcDJNMVozVVNCM1ZWdDJiR0ZuVGlWR1M0RjFLMkVGVzZaSE1FTjNZeFpEYURGR1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hfia0wN.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Wixlar
http://?cVpWUzNoWGVPTm5ZbGRXYUx0RWRGVjJjR0ZIU25OVFoxUWpidnNHWnZCamVReEVib3BXUXFkVGEzMVdSWHhXUzFVSGQ0b0ZjbFZWYnBGMmJNbGpTcUZEZHl4RWJFbFhjelluU1JOM2NpQm5NbTUwUzZKM2FCWmtNVjUyUmxwa2QwTjNiUTEwYlhkMmRyUlhZU3RXY3FkV2RqUjJZSFpUYUNSV082SlVZcHRTUklOamVubG5jdk5rTjNWRWJ6Z2xXamxuYjBkbVlUUlhVc1ZYUjJ0aVVaVlZhNHMwTGt0MlVuOTJaVUZqY3BwM1N2MG1iNTFHYTBJRmJ4dFVZcU5XTzFjR2JrWjNNM0pWZDR4bWF0ZFVNd05tWTVKMFp2RjJLRmxHVUZkVWJPWmplNE1GZGpOblluaERNWmRIU0JkMmNxZFZaMmtXYjQ5eVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925755500s.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Wow Cinema
http://?eXBtVTRwM1V3bDNjMWNWVDRVRWN1TmxlM2hEY3RoWFRUTlZPM0IzY29CVlNrMUdhdkYwVUZaVFpyZDJRNDhVVFlsR2R4QjFOMUpWZDFSamIwbzFRcEprVWhKVVJCdEdNT3BIUlNKR2JyQlZUdlFIWng1R09OdG1VNTQyS0RKMFV4OFdjNElXT0pwa01zeDBOTFJXY1J4R1IzVkdiMDQwY2lkVVJ5bzNaeE5VT3hrVmVQcG1ibVpGYUlwV2VHQjNNRVJUUzBwSE1FbG1TTWhXTUtGemJhUmxhM2swVVBoM1RvVlZaVXhHZVJwMmN6eEVVNkZIZEVOa01UVm5ad1pITzMwRWIzaG5abFZrUzNabWJ2a25NWGRtTXBWVGR2ZEdleEFIU0UxMlQ0a25hUFZYZFJsbVkxSmxiUmgzY0loV05JTlZlSlJXZVJGbk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-anmol-cinema-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?PW9IUjRsMUxzSmpkUWxIU0lKRmU0SjJOaWh6TWpCSGEzRjBhRlJqYTNWa05SMVdZeXRDU3J0R1VxSlhUV2hHV0ZSelpyRURWa1IyTDFORWFMSlVPME5YU3ZNalltZGtieWcxWnZJR2ExeEdjVDlTWjNsM2RIaFRUNFJsYlNWWFY2TjFWeFZIZW5WVFp0bEdWS05GV0UxbWFOSnpMUGRHWjZsR2N3a3pOTEZIVzVaR1RaTlhhRlYxUUhCMVl0UkVTSEoyTHZoSGRhcEdNdmtrYjZWbVo1WmxhNkZXTldaSGMxQjNMTzVFVEhoRGFRdG1Rb2hEVHBCRFMyVTFWNGRIU3pCSFp0RlRjdmxuUldoRWR6QlZXTzFFVno0R05SUkRkcVpVYURSRVRyRkVP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/19/1-1Z5092006450-L.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", é»‘èŽ“ç”µå½±
http://?eWxUWjVoSFZ5Z1dXa2xFYVo1V2N3VjFhNE4yUTJsekx3RUdVMjhHYkxSSFZGTmpkS0YzYXBKRFVyUkdkR0ZHY1hOWFcwa1RheGRVYVZWblNZaGpicEpuV3lCelpERlhjclZrTXZFMWQ0OFNNVmhUTzZKektWbFRRTEJYWmtKRGVHNVVid2htVjBrRVQ0TkdPUFpGU1BoR1JaRmtUbUJEZUdGbFJPWkdWMFZUTVdOVGMyVlhNSVpHTnJ0U2RUWkZNS0oyS3B0Q2VxbG1SdDEyWjIwV2Q1OENiSk5YTnU5R1MyZFZiS1ZqUTVwR1Y2TkhOeDRtYXJCM0xzaERjME5YUVZobFlNaFdhUEZUV1FkbmN6UTNaNEFUWnU5V1prWmxjNWxHYlRaRmFzaGtjM0ZFZUpoblIydDJWM0YwTXhrMlF6bEZNMWtVY2FKRVduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð ÐµÐ½ Ð¢Ð’ International
http://?cDlFV3BGV1J1UjNSSGhWVjRJR2J5eFdlSEpUWW9ka2VETldNS0ZuWnBobGV2MG1jclZEUnFkRVR6Vm5RUVZFYXcxMkt0Rm5RTVp6YUlkWFZuVkRic05YUXJ3RWFwQjNka0ZIVDRBMWIzOUNXeGdGV3QxR2RzTm5VMzUyTlhkR08yZ3pkQ05EZXdRMWFubFhRT2RHZFZKWFFsWlRVeHNHZVNGMGNodFVSdUp6S0JWM1o0UlhZUlZWY3lsV2JYeEVjaHRXVHhSbk5aSldNU1ZuTnc4VVZ6Qm5jWkpUYjNSbFVzUm1aRnAyTFhsWFR1RjFiaGxsYzBNMFJsbFdOekpYY1JCVlcwRTNWbkZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð¡Ð¢Ð Ðš HD
http://?blpUU0NaMlNGbEdTa1pUWjFaSGVTaDNZRjFHZXRsMFN6cEhPbVJYY1BKVFFaVm5jdHBVZXg5VVQ2ZFVWcHRpYzRsR1pxRmpTcGgzZGFsM1ZsNTBRMGRGTVdKV2NOZFhlNUZIVjVKV2VKUjJLdmdWZW9oWGFtcDNVeHdXZHVObWExUW1hMUJWZVdkMWE0NTBhTUpFUlVsMlYza1RTTVJFYVJOM1ZKZEZPb0p6Y2FKblVyb21VWWRtYnI4V2VYSldOM2xsUndoM1VXTjJSM1puWUJKVFJNeEdiRmRVUjJCMU1vOVVVcXhFV0RaSFVCdGlOa1ZuYVhoMkxGZEhSdkptVFZoWFF2WW5hVkpXVU1aSGF2OEVXbHhXZXNsSE4wY2tkME4zVmxsbVkyTWxlYTVtUzFKblZuMVdVd2RuY3lwR1Z6OXlLQ3hXYmhkVWVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM39708555/poster/h74l4dA.png" group-title="Bangla Movies", Aloukik
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9639274/poster/5v1oSJZgsj7W3334GQX34fbdIWh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13396982/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Biye.Com
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11318348/poster/tojV97ptz27DncdiszkoVsCQgTM.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Brahma Janen Gopon Kommoti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12583348/poster/175855.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Brahmadaitya
http://?PT1nZDY5V2MxTmxjMEpYU3hVVWR4SVhWRTFHUnJZSGRpRkRPT2hqVnNCRmREUmpTT3BXYzJNVlczQm5hUFIzS0o1RU92Tm1NelpuUlBobVd2RjNaNTgwZHJVSGQxTkZlemRXYVpWMllRTlhZNG9IVEh0RWR4NEVXVTlDZDJkM1Z6OWlOcTVtV3oxMFlyWWphbjVHV1lkelF4TmpRd1YxTFBWWE1SOVdTMkFGYTBnRE52bEVScTkyYjRoMFpCbEdWeFJYVkVSVGNSaHpOVVZIVzV4MmN6RkdVMDFHV0hSR1V5cGtkYUpVT0pWVmQ0ZFZkeU1WU1dkV1FFTjFZdlVEYllaVlRRcFhXNk5YTkVWMFR4bzNOcllGY3FkMGM1WVZXUEZIZHBwa2JPbGxURDlXVVI5RWV2bHpjREozYjBnMk5xaGpUcFJtY0pSM1NUZGtOdkF6ZDI5V2EzTW1heEpsUUkxa1c1b25idmhVT3ZNR2VTaHpUb1JuY3lSV05TUjNiTWRXU0U5a2R0QlZkeTFFYTJWMVFwaEZSbEIzTms5bVd5dzBZdlZtYmtWVWJ4WTBOc1JqV3ZjV1ZtcDJUbmhWYVNCM2MwTjNZWmxXVnpwVVptWlZXaDVHYzE5Mk53bFhka1ZXVnlJMFM2ZG5OcFZIT3RsR09MSlRNckVIYjJOMVNZbGpjNEIxS2gxa1V5QkhlRmxGVTFGMGJSSjFkbjlDZDRKbWN3dDBjb1ZuU0VGa2R5bFZkNThHTVJSMFF2aFhVek5FVUZ0MmIyWjFNQjlVYTU5bVVsVldU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt2513380/poster/MV5BNDM1NzQyYzUtNTQ1ZS00MzMyLWI3N2EtNDE2MTcyYzE5NzU4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjA3OTI5MjA@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Charuulata
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13575922/poster/jaOBd811QoAZgTlWFbGviqgvI2D.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Cheeni
http://?PW9tZXZGWGRUSjNieWxVTUZWWE10VkZSdFIwSzI5bVl4Z2pUNFlWY1FSM1Ewb2tUMUZuTlRsMWR3eDJUMHRTU09oRGFqSnpjMlowVHdwMWJ4ZFdPUFIzSzFSWGRUaDNhbmxXV2w1V1N1SkVVeGhUVFBGbldEVkRTaUpVYUROVk5YeFVjdGRIVXVWRFNrVm5XeVpHVGpKRmRZZEhNSnQyYXRGV2VJOVNZTWxHT1hObWRpZEdkNDhHV1pwbk5wSjJiNjUyTVJsbWFuOUNPdk0yWnpNbmEwRm1NbzFrZGpkbVl0cFhRTGRXTVB0aWVESmtURkJqTW4xR1puVjNadk5uYng4V1NKaEVkNE0xY3hZMkxvaGphUHRXVzRRSFIxSkVla1JqZElWV1FrWjFkNnBtYzNZVlJyUkhTV1ZrYjV0eVo2aFRVRmhuYjZCVk96QWpVT2huUk01VU1wZFdjQ2xEUlp0MlV2SmpWVXR5VmFoR2NaQmxVQkpWZHFKRWVCVmplcEJsWW1sVk52Y21lVGxsTlhaamFJSldOV0ZsVHlKRU9XSlRhMjBHYlpwWFczZDJabjFtUm9sR1U1QlhWWEpGVU94bU1xOUNPVGxsYmp0RWNrSlhWdFYyS0JkM2QyOG1jR2QzVTNwWGM0WkROeHNTUjNGek0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6520954/poster/1lCqsNGxArlCgnOSzfoVX8tOIiE.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Debi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12676972/poster/9p0BJK9IRL3idVNcLS7Nnww5z9M.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Detective
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6510288/poster/devi.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Devi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/bl458v3cVcj6KNu7QhDkQB5sCRj.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Dracula Sir
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10541028/poster/c4LWcqVVcXzYe9orp8WACRJ4apH.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Gotro
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM52055797/poster/Harano-Prapti-2020-Bengali-1080p-HDRip-1.9GB-Download.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Harano Prapti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10244472/poster/2U4MwgNi3LAA1MZv7hHOCize25D.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Hullor
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7852120/poster/yE4SdH99m3beLq11bWHj3ZVwv9N.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Inspector Notty K
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM61174512/poster/uhku8A8.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Jaanbaaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4701578/poster/leYBbK0u6MsxZMtvniAguAE4nMm.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Jamai 420
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.channelionline.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/janwar-trailer.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Janowar
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyZG5lcHBtVEtGRmFCVkhiMjhFTjNCVk9XRlRSbnRXUlhkVWV5Sm5lQkpHVHZrRFZ2TjNaNGwyTlNSWFlpWjNLT0pVZHVabGRKcG5OMVpXUmpOblpPOW1TMU5YVHpkMmJySVRXMVlFY3U5V1FXRkRkSXhtTWtaSFZ4OFdlUmxIZEY5MkxvaDNMWk5qTTEwV1NSQlZXeElqZW5WbFUxMVVPelJsZDRwbVdabDJjdnQwWlhWa2FXTkhhNW9VUnpkMFJXOVNiQ2gzYllkMlZ6aHpjcDFFUnhCRlNwbERicVpEY1FaM1FFTkVkcnBHZDBKRmRNWnpWMXQyZHlkM1Q0NTJLSEZGVFFCSGV2TW1WUU5rUjNCVk9VWjJSNjFtWWF0V1RoWkVhT2RIVUdwVWF1TjFiUHBuZUN0V1owUkdWUXBFZW1wR1ZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://ftp.timepassbd.live/skyview-ftp/ftp2/BANGLA_MOVIES/2020/Joy%20Ma%20Kali%20Boarding%20%282020%29/Joy.Ma.Kali.Boarding.%282020%29.1080p.Bengali.WEB-DL.AVC.AAC-DusIcTv.mkv" group-title="Bangla Movies", Joy Ma Kali Boarding
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM14826162/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Karma
http://?PW9uZXZGWGRUSkhieWxVTUZWWE12VkZSdFIwSzJobll4Z2pUNFkxYlFSM1Ewb2tUbkZuTlRsMWR3cDNUMHRTU09oemJqSnpjMlowVDNwMWJ4ZFdPUDEySzFSWGRUaG5jbmxXV2xsM015OVVhM2htY041R08za2tkbTVFY1BOamVrUmxldGR6VXBKSFVhbDNaeFlFTTRwbWR5TldhTWgyVHdkSGNUaEdPc2RIZXhSbU1LSm1jNUpHZExkWFMyWmpieEpHWjJvMkxVQlZaeWRGY1Yxa1lYSjJkNjl5YnoxVVpueFdkdDEyWnJZMmN2SkdXWnRXTXJSWFJ3VjNMckFYWXhJbE53VVdjdmxEYjVBbGQ2eDJRcHQwYW1wbWFzVm1SR2gxY1lKR1R2b0dkc2QyTlMxbVp0UjNUMTRFUzBjRGFESlViSEpsVzZSamUxWmtkMm9IUnZZVE5tUmpjUzlpVHI5R2E2UjJLU2xuVEVSbmVhNVVWTDlTYVJ0U1JvTlZNMFZYWjRCMVFvSm5VRmQxUTV0aWF6SjFTb1JEYXNCRFV4SkRXM0JuV01aald6TjJhd04yYUJKbGFzeDJZbFJXV0dwbVRTSlVibTFrYldkVE1yOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10731800/poster/dDcI51q6K7OQQjZQAycLx7rdwLK.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Ke Tumi Nandini
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9110380/poster/ckTbidgctoi2dSTjuNDjaZ0KS4z.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Konttho
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM63098970/poster/1610639073_9.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Kostoneer
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10801042/poster/aX2MPX3uGGHDdtG6guXtBm22QSH.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Love Aaj Kal Porshu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11569822/poster/wvSa3sGfvnAgxjAEGvyu9e4XsY2.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Love Story
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13356580/poster/hbRFBUKaDNQrlMQCSaxsfBZbcet.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Mainkar Chipay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://dekhobd.com/uploads/video_thumb/1706.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Nabab LLB
http://?c1JETlc5aU1aOVdOb1prYXJrWGNpNUdXdjRXYTBKMWEyOEVVNTEyYTRNVmFIaFRkcjFVTUZ0MFF5RldWd1UxUzZsSGF4TkdPeEFuYm9Ka2Vyd1dXcFYyUnNoMFNyMEdVNXBtWkp4MGNXRmtUeTVHTzVKRmR2WXpaNGdXZGxsSFdEZDJaNFEyUTFRWFdyRmxNdmNFUzRoWFdHNW1hdTFXYTBoSE02bEhXcE5uWnpZa2V5VlhTTnBIUlVOMmJ5OWtWQ3BVT3pWVFlya25iR3htTTFzV1R2WVRjNU16TnZWMVk0SlRXcVJWZXVkMk5ySm5UMGcxZG5WamJSZDNjdUZWTlZkbVNvRkhhQkJETkNKbGNNTlRkb2hrZXNSblRubG1RRGgzUzNzVVl4TkdheWNFYXdoMlo0cEVUNXQyVHhnWGJXbDFhbVZrY3g4MkxHcDJSdEpIYnc4U1FxRkhkdVJrWXlBSGVoZDNaWWRFYXNWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10789322/poster/ydyVFfjy9TVbxqOBJuWoWFw2W7z.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Panther
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10912588/poster/bkbklQtXeKDxyRoOf0EdVyEf6Yq.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Password
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11497808/poster/bJFFQPGd4c7IFwGzLBYNfzwgbgI.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Sraboner Dhara
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8396262/poster/gHjW3aKZL6UbWBqxaP6StaSZe8.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Sultan: The Saviour
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6250604/poster/7Nooqte2NGEwdJsoFIqZrSNrZLZ.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Swatta
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12923150/poster/riXurapZFxutBa19R5b5mTEIma2.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Tasher Ghawr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQGO17UHMfhKLG9wG0z3jUjm0_rCzyhhqn4Vg&usqp=CAU" group-title="Bangla Movies", Troll
http://?bkp6YlRsV1cyNW1lcHBtVEtGVmRCVkhiMjhFTm5CVk9XRlRSbmhXUlhkVWV5SkhhQkpHVHZrRFZ4TjNaNGwyTlNaWFlpWjNLT0pVYnVabGRKcG5OdlpXUmpOblpPaG5TMU5YVFhGM2JFaDNaeUptYnl0Q1pOWjBaUlIzYjY5ME1wUm5iMWdtWnlkMU0ydENaMmttUUZsWGVJVnpidndFZWx0MGM2Tm1idVJsTmhaVllJbDJLd1UwWXpZMFp4Tm1iWlJYWXNwa1VHUkVjVk5YVEdSblcxa1hlVlYwYlBSR2U0aDJaWlIwUmFCblR5VlRPR3AzYlhGVmIyVlhaM3RVYkVoVVJWUlhTejhDVTFRVWN1cEhSTE5XWXpSblF5OUVPM28zTnprVE1KVlhlbnRVV3dvM1QySmtNRHRHYXJOblVvbDJRSzlDZXdnbFduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13781030/poster/zee5-original-wtfry.png.png" group-title="Bangla Movies", WTFRy
http://?cHAzYnhWM1V5dG1jSkZUUjFGemRWUlViRXRpZHBKV000NEVPV2RHVTBORU5LNVVieFp6VVpkSGM0OUVkcmtrVDRRM1l5TW5kRzlVZWE5V2NubHpUdHRTZDBWM1U0VjNacGxWWnlNWGNOMVdiT1pIWjZ4R00zZ0ZUeTlXY0hCRGR2RUVidE4wWWxobGJ4ZERNWGhWUWpkblp3VWtVa1JYZWw5VVdweEdTM0pHU2xGbWR3c21SeTBXUjBJR2V5NW1kbjFXT29aM0wyNTJVMm8zS1BaVFN2SmtkVnhXVDVoV2V5QjFUYVJ6ZFNkV1QzdFVkUVpUYlBKR00zUlRSMWhYY3pNa2JhRm5TelkxTTM1MGQyRVVhRTFHVzRKSFR4Qkhiem9YZVFWV1k2Vm1kNFVqZXpsM2NuZDNhSmR6VlBSSE5WbFRObFZYYWpaVmR2a0dkdUJWUkloRWRDZFdPcVZVZWxWa2FVNTBLWlJUZHlCM0tZeFdhd2htWTBRelZyOVNlcllHT0NaR1RyTjNNMVV6VFVkM1FJUmtSQ0oxYjN4R2NSbG1lc1ZYTkZGWFlNWlhPVFZtY3pjMlpzVkdPbVIwU29wWFI1a0ZSU3BIZWtSbVFQeGthTUYxVUVkVk1zRlhaTTkwTTRRM1lxZEVadjhpYlRKRVJvaFZaclZHWk1aVk9zSkhPRlJIVDBJVWNPZFVjTlIwWnExVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10040978/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", 12 â€œoâ€? CLOCK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13178692/poster/5cS9BfVW2bRRwRG0om49tO6T0Ga.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", 376 D
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11651796/poster/4ULEEvH0hDYnbWN3nClrb88sYCF.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", AK vs AK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3164774/poster/4xlBFBqSVMpog5Fvp6g3Lpz2UEo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Anwar Ka Ajab Kissa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8747548/poster/tOI0cjMmjruvUQ6QIbMfSjzWBLk.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Axone
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13788420/poster/yJxkfS8LhymGFgwmfChHla5wZcZ.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bawri Chhori
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7721800/poster/aawdjzVsfKvRRIFu9Ni74wZyjc8.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bharat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4437574/poster/jGSbEXO90Ac8aRP4oSPAdeSAWko.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", BoXeD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12393526/poster/vdoS5MAAHcnD5Jgu0gMs56XDzW9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bulbbul
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8747450/poster/jfVAx36bnczMArJB8eFZuoDdKC4.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Chaman Bahar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11651780/poster/5bISH2CslULqfc8UtAASbcXGk0A.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Choked - Paisa Bolta Hai
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10280276/poster/ahkaPWW2SU9AaDhpD31phQKhTtT.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Coolie No. 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11774804/poster/98Fv3MSWeIPI2lbC16OxE2tHUYh.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Court Martial
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11229134/poster/tldxDJPdrFZFymrNVSahDci2yQH.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Durgamati: The Myth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3734580/poster/xoxGcPUSQM8uSyLDqy5jEPk4tXV.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ghoomketu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10230404/poster/wuTwPYFoEGQG3EntpdZA8LlBBdx.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ghost Stories
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10333912/poster/6TShlXs1W99qBDGgY15dLqF57z.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Gulabo Sitabo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11112526/poster/sqFi1T7MMUSZ0nTGL1UphBykz3a.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Indoo Ki Jawani
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10755608/poster/7ckoJXzMWGjXsSkKk5UV8cfPGxI.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Jamun
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9569610/poster/ulFF2EbRm7jDRhpUx9Q8F2ATfWm.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Kaagaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13199556/poster/n9RE7wiM94E1f0GWr2OCjnYfBuJ.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Lahore Confidential
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10023024/poster/kxuF0Bx2o7xREN66ELoDdtC7FR1.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Love Aaj Kal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7212754/poster/frB57nMDmu4NnSzjmrq0lEx5iod.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ludo
http://?PVVuZXZGWGRUSjNieWxVTUZWWE1zVkZSdFIwSzI5bVl4Z2pUNFlsYlFSM1Ewb2tUeEZuTlRsMWR3UjNUMHRTU09oRGRtRldlUzVXTjB0R2F0NW1jcjRtV0Q5Q09vcGtkR1pHYVRkR2UzZDJjcWhUTkw5MlMwb1hXcUowWjY5RVdJcDJjc1pWVWx4MFl6MW1lWjFHUmpGbmFaZFZkT0JUTTJ0a1FERlhTeWRYWUh0MFUyUUdld0pWVTBvV2NySlVUTlpVZW1kbU1uUlZONFFEYlZSVFlyZG1SMjltVU94RVR3c1djVVZrYU0xR2RyTURaMEZEUzNkVFo1WW5WVmxIZFpsMWFhUkRjWXQyYllsRFo2TjNLTGxEVllablRKSkhXeFFHYzVVRE1DZFZiMDFrYWtaamU0aEhiaHgwWW1GMWIwd1VacmxHVHpkSGN5SmtUVGxXVU9CVFNUTldlczFVYTVoV1dyNVdkeUpUVW9kWFdQSjFkTmhsYnlnV2RzTmtUNUpXVENCWFF2b1hXemNtVGhGM2JpOW1RNEpWWXJsRlp5STNjU1pYWTFkMFJOSjNiNFFHZHlVSGU0dDBkTDkwUk10V2JHVjBRbVprYTFaVlVFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12724920/poster/MV5BMTc0MjdjZjYtMzBmZC00MDI3LWE0ZTEtY2FkNzkwYWFiNDk2XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjA4NTk0NjU@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Machaan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13773882/poster/jk8KZ4SqFR9Uz48m1KAEzc41vlX.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Madam Chief Minister
http://?PWduZXZGWGRUSlhjeWxVTUZWWE11VkZSdFIwSzI1bVl4Z2pUNFlsYVFSM1Ewb2tUd0ZuTlRsMWR3TjNUMHRTU09oRGNtRldlUzVXTnF0R2F0NW1jclFuV0Q5Q09vcFVhR1pHYVRwWFFwVkViTFpGWlpObk1GMVVPRDlFY3JvMWNwZGtZMFJXVXFKa1pvSkhWWEZWWklCbGE0RUZiMUJEWjRWMlVIOVNieXhHYkdwWGNUcDBhd2NqV29sM1UwbERjVkJsY0tkMmJXZGxUWGhUY29aMmNvZEhUcVIwVHBkbFJTWm5hcjhtWmxoSGM1RjFVdGwxU29SWFJpSjBMcmgzUTVNMkt0VmpjWVZUVzBZMFJzSjBjUmhGVXFCM1RRdDJVb0ZXZVNkRFRCQkhWc1ZtWm1aMVk1bEhXUUowVDBvWGNWQlhXdWgyTXZoVmJCWkRPRFpIZFdkVE1uaGpiemhtV3pSV2N4ZDBVdHQyYzE1R2FHQmpiMmtGZHFaWGJ4WkZSMWRWYnpCWFY0NEdPQk5VY3BobmJPdFVWMmNITTRsM1IyYzJOUE5uTnFKbWMzTjNiUDFXWTBJbVFyRm5jamRYZXlWWGJXZHpkSFYyYTBsbVZzMTJOMTlTZU41V040NW1WWFZuWTBkRWUzMEVWU2RUVnNGalRDZFZiVGRtUzBWVU8xZFVlSDVXYVdkWFRwQkRaNFFuWmpwMlpRTmtUd3dXYU5sVmNrSldkelZ6ZDVRelVLSlhaeHN5TXpVa2JSZHpkS2xuVTJSV1FtOTBSWjFXYnpRMEs1azBhR05uWVJGSFI0ZFdaeW9YVXZCWE5TNVdidWx6YzRZVmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12084320/poster/iFm7hASVbwSaoixzoaBqnVVQJvz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Main Mulayam Singh Yadav
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9877170/poster/2COzaii4BnT1O6bbXfAxtoTmADm.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Malang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13143988/poster/2cFsY7j5vt1c1OPQj9JFd2vhTN9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Nail Polish
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12677010/poster/MV5BM2FhM2Y0NjktZDk2ZS00OTdlLTk0ZTQtOGVkODFmNjIwMjNkXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNTc0MjY0NTM@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Namumkin Tere Bin Jeena
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9642630/poster/yq5dE49Tpem3u2dbOJEkT555xPM.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Prawaas
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//grsb8QEjkQnXaqlGZPcStU3xyEk.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Secrets of Sinauli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9390240/poster/4GMNA7ghqXtl1OEOD1ib0xU8wQ6.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Shakeela
http://?PUFuZXZGWGRUSkhkeWxVTUZWWE1uVkZSdFIwSzJsbll4Z2pUNFlsYVFSM1Ewb2tUNEZuTlRsMWR3bDJUMHRTU09oamFtRldlUzVXTnV0R2F0NW1jcjRtV0Q5Q09vcEVhR1pHYVRaVVZ0dGlUS1pUU3E1R2J6SlhjUEpFYWFGRlM0RWpRNEpXT1YxME15ZFdaWEp6THVKWGVNQm5lWXBHZDRkRFNNVjBTYU4zTklKamIydFVlMWRIYUsxME02UkdNbXBsYWtSSFRKWjBUMlptZTNza1JYOTJWcDVFTVdGRVR1OVdhdDFVT1hORmRWSjBLREZEVTNKMEw0SjJOdmdIV3ZGRU9NdEVkRmRFZTBJMGRzZDFUVDlpWVZsMk0yaFVXU3BrYVJGMll4MTJZNkpUVVE5Mk5taDNTV1ZFT3laWGNtVm5aMXNtUXRsRVpFMTJMeEZuVjNKM2RYeFdiRlprYlBsSGQwTjJheEpsV0ZOblZFOVdlcmgzYnZSMkxUQkRieEZVT1hsMGNLbG1iQmhFWlpGemM1a1ZPNHhrY3pSVFJ4dFNTdnBuVVBaVE9qOWtjc2huTXZjMWQwSlRRTXRDVDFaWGR3ZDFWeWRVZVBKVE56WkhSM2xUYzNjR1dpZFdTNFFHVTFNRmVYTkdWRmxFY3k5RVQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11688770/poster/Ap7hhenlyzNalc9hwe5kGtZENKz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Shubh Raatri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10964430/poster/nSOgDTClgfbIOBgv4Itf3GSEkWA.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Thappad
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9602804/poster/jQwab46XDOqDjggr0u8wJBnxmWe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The Last Color
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13802376/poster/fNQ3w9FQEd6OQGHbwyPGyqTaGNf.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The Power
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6571548/poster/7K4mdWaLGF2F4ASb2L12tlya9c9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The White Tiger
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7805960/poster/tiG1YwNax0oTmNpbkdexY5rOBW7.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Torbaaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/6OWTh12f8gmZ8uo4O2rE5TPKvzc.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Tribhanga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11964084/poster/xujced26SmDLU7B3ELXr6lgiiPA.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Virgin Bhanupriya
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt5731742/poster/gS3B3PxL8cY6jbLvTndi1eP3kdv.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Alpine Lake
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6393674/poster/3nD9wkGzzQpzaLXOfJXoZgN2nAk.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Before/During/After
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10333426/poster/b7BllsQkD6nTkAdtd28UVCmKqVi.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Bliss
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10334148/poster/54UVKPHzT8ymwj20YZScKLHaXG6.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Blithe Spirit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10661710/poster/wTjBPDsxb1Ifsb0LVay8vXO8Fxg.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Born a Champion
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/5Rr1QRh7fS7SOJStBUznqIQ24Y3.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Brothers by Blood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4953758/poster/cfyLFAIXmIX8m8FYRGnjF1UWfPU.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Chasing Evel: The Robbie Knievel Story
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13818410/poster/4PrWnaWdcZoTC9Xxyr0UZYS3ppw.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Creating The Queen's Gambit
http://?PWNuZXZGWGRUSlhjeWxVTUZWWE00VkZSdFIwSzJsbVl4Z2pUNFlWZVFSM1Ewb2tUNEZuTlRsMWR3MTJUMHRTU09oVGVsSmxkM0JWUm5GRFVGOWtXNFFuWjNNMGN3Rkdjb2wwY3pOMGNvRlZPcmRtTVdwV2NhWmpWMFVsYk5kalJSZEhUb0YxS0o1RVJwZG1lMDgyTlhObWVRSkRSckJUUzBWRWF4NVVaamRYYXdZVE8wRjFkNFZuWkJkRmN1MVdTejlXZHhCWE8xY3pMWEYxWnBoa2FJbG1lb1pVVFJSR2RVZEhWM2RFYXpGa2EzZ2xVSUpqU3VkR052RkZSMGxXVHJaa04zSVVhaUZqU3BGVlYzOTJNVmxXT29CM2NCcG1VdmxtYnZzMmJORjBhcTkyUnNGbFUweDJWaE5YT1d0MFpoWjNkbTFVUXVWRFJOTjFkRWRtTk9oVmV5QUhlblZ6VHY1RVp4ZFdVaGgyUVo5MlNWUjBLdVpFYzM4a2IxdEdUblJXU3ZnMU13dDJkek5VVDFzV2JtaDBTVUpXTzBSV2E2bGpkM29XVjFFelNRTjBkV3BrYTVnalN0aEdNcWhsUWE1MmFMdDBVT1psY3pvR1pyVUhSM0JsY3R4MFNwRm5hcmhuZVdWRmN5RVZXMzEyVjAxbWRoTlVZS0ZYYzJFekxJUkhlVHBuYmhKVU9xVjNUV2RWVDJzR1JxNVVlNDEyY3ZZbVFGZGpOdUpsYVlObk5oMVdNTGRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt0069358/poster/q3pesBP9DvdKQFc1Rk7lUXv84kr.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Ecstasy of the Angels
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8521736/poster/syobJCxZcIJl0OpjNroZSQKa1kW.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Flora & Ulysses
http://?PWduZXZGWGRUSm5heWxVTUZWWE0zVkZSdFIwSzJsbVl4Z2pUNFkxYVFSM1Ewb2tUMEZuTlRsMWR3aDJUMHRTU09oVGVsSmxkM0JWUnJGRFVGOWtXNFluWjNNMGN3RjJjb2wwY3pOMGMyRlZPcmRtTVdsWGNhWmpWMFVsZE5kalJSZEhUNEZsZVNaSFdJbG1UMzgwUXpBVGNHcFhNd1pWWW5WM1pFUjBhU2xtUnJsM1NqOXlialIzVWg1VU8yWkdkVU5XZXJsM2NzeGthWVJFZVlsWGFwZEVhNEZXWXhaSFZDVkhhUHBFY3FGM1pMOVVRdzAwZHlaRVRxSkVkcmhXVTRGa01WRnpkNGgxU3BCelVxVkVaSFZHTktGM01rUnpjc2QyZDJBSFpEZFdjNVptYzFRR095aFhhNDVrU0hkVWRtTmpXbk5sV3Vka2JoeDJZQjlHZHJVV2JyZ2xhYUozTGpKVVR2bDJMeE5XY01sM1oyWjJhSGhsZTZGbWNRcFVWemxuTXlCWGVJSkhWcWRWUXdvMmJ2UnpSdWQzWnRSRVZveEdUM2gzVjNKak1SOVVld2cyWjFGRWQ0aEdhNGxtYzRjR2RDSkVjUUZtYUc1V1FtVkhOeEJsYjRsRVRycG5jbmxGVkZkbGVETlRhMW9WVnVCelk=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7552792/poster/eObg5SGzNdqZMwnfl9jEixm8d9Q.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Four Games in Fall
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9893250/poster/gKnhEsjNefpKnUdAkn7INzIFLSu.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", I Care a Lot
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7703924/poster/q2lkJf1TAjImTHCEO7XvbqPtnPb.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Infamous
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9784798/poster/iIgr75GoqFxe1X5Wz9siOODGe9u.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Judas and the Black Messiah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9735470/poster/8AYQ7vyUI2HVLEKH7niFvJ1AdZp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Little Fish
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6475714/poster/zO9R7Z6DRDgRO9QVz4lAJg3L15o.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Monster Hunter
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12352250/poster/tmghT8HaddVIS9hEXIOI9GuDchi.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Mummy Resurgance
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10342228/poster/7p0O4mKYLIhU2E5Zcq9Z3vOZ4e9.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Narco Sub
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6317656/poster/4zkycln0sxsHBYCrlwZEKHBjw61.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Penguin Bloom
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/46B5DYMJm60LauKQKDrbMVJ3kRz.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Penguins: Life on the Edge
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11252440/poster/pkVDrD1FQW9ZdTzFjfxXD9A2ILp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", PG (Psycho Goreman)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8110004/poster/tvGBoCe0IPRlpwx5QsrRrcMmuLT.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", PVT Chat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12283738/poster/xdfyxUR65XfF1NDm6vJKpdRyedj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Quarantine Girl
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9741526/poster/zlhUgY0xoqGhMUge4dX1ruHcUvm.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Reunion
http://?PWduZXZGWGRUSkhjeWxVTUZWWE10VkZSdFIwSzI1bVl4Z2pUNFlGYVFSM1Ewb2tUMkZuTlRsMWR3RjNUMHRTU09oemRsSmxkM0JWUjZGRFVGOWtXNFluWjNNMGN3Rldjb2wwY3p0U1Y0bDBTelFUVFQ5R1pySlRXenNFZDNobGV2VlZSb056WUs5a2VscFdXNUVVUndSWGV3Y0RNSVZVU3paVlIybDJZc2RYVFRwM1NSaG5iajUwVmk1R00ybGxjeGNtV2l0MktxWlRhVEZXYUlKMUxFMTBVc1pVTlg5R1VOWkhPaGRqTkhSV2FERjJkS1owZHVsellrVkhiNUFIVDRjMFNZNUVhd0JWVnhKMU01VlRVUVowVURWM1Iyc0NOdlIxYTYxME1RcG1ldk4wUzBSbGFIZEhUbGwzYzBwVmNWSm1XbDlFTno1V1RGVmxiUkZYVzBsRWVZeGtjNWdWU3Q5eU1wSjBNME5GVGo5V08wRlRkRFpuYTJZVFVFcGxTdHhVUWpCMVo0Y0hadzEyVXhNMWE1RW1RRlZUWXRkMlVXUlhXeTltV05CRmV4SWtieU5WY085VU96TkdUNTBHVlFoR1Z4SkdiQ1JXY0RGM2NPQlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7937254/poster/6KxiEWyIDpz1ikmD7nv3GTX4Uoj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Silk Road
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13787118/poster/CXQ5zOrhHGcw1imsRMwa7W8izS.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Strip Down, Rise Up
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/wDG6K0uLtJvJyp1cJmluqjBh79v.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Dissident
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4736550/poster/uIrGgUzasEUA7v8uChRhUUFzLwE.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Great Hack
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13641400/poster/e9uDnoDsqeVuEpuJBtaYh0GGMQo.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The House in Sherwood
http://?PVFuZXZGWGRUSjNheWxVTUZWWE1vVkZSdFIwSzJCbll4Z2pUNFkxZFFSM1Ewb2tUckZuTlRsMWR3aDNUMHRTU09oVGFsSmxkM0JWUnZGRFVGOWtXNDRtWjNNMGN3RjJjb2wwY3p0U1ZwbDBTelFUVFR4R1pySlRXenNVYTNobGV2VlZSek5UVlBkblZqdG1SemtUWnAxR2JwNVdjdkFUVXRoSFVSQmxZNWhYTnhWVlN6OFNhMGhuWmpSV1F5dGladzkwVDRrR2VRTjJVM3MwYUVKRlNrTkRWM3BWVFBwV1MwcEdPdllrV0taMmExb2tkeU1sV3dSbVpFcFVUb2RIUlAxR2F1cDBaekZHVXBSVFp0QkhVTnhVVXV4MmJ5VWtZMWREZGxWWGR5bFZNemRFVXFkRGI1dEdTWmhEU3VGM2JKTldWRHBXUm9KSGV5c2lhNnQyVnpNMmN3VjJkNmhUVUdwWFZ5WkdhekFITTBjSFMxTjBZQmQzY1A5bWFNVm1WMEZVV3l3MlJpeEdNS0ZYWnJjRWVYQlRkTTEwUnlaVVlYZEdkaWRHY2tWSFRxbFRhRFptV0NWbVMxWlRNWFZUVFg1V1FhSjBkdWxWY3pKelZINTBTbmxqVXpRVGVVRjNVeUFsTXdJVGFIdG1lTEYwWnZwV2M2ZG5XeWcyYUJkbFNWUkdjVVJGWm9sa1d6bGtieWdIZERoR1Q1TWtjQ05WYTZOblFPRkRhNE4wY3dBMWFqZDJLTlJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7311330/poster/ivWleLvEQkSJiJ2xw1IQjJWkldp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Last Exorcist
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6902332/poster/rVgegHud79yK18qDUq3Holb1C9T.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Marksman
http://?PUVuZXZGWGRUSlhkeWxVTUZWWE14VkZSdFIwSzJsbVl4Z2pUNFlWYlFSM1Ewb2tUNkZuTlRsMWR3ZDJUMHRTU09oamVsSmxkM0JWUnZGRFVGOWtXNEFuWjNNMGN3Rldib2wwY3pOMGN5RlZPcmRtTVdCWGNhWmpWMFVsYU5kalJSZEhUeUYxTmhGRFZFSm5lb2hGYlRsamQyWVhUNUl6ZHZGbVFtVkZPSWRtU0dGMlIzUjJhNWQwUzFwR2N1TjJRSXBIT3l0MlN5NDJWQmhWZVg1VVJDWlRNMWhFVlJWRFM1ODJZWUJUVDQxR2EyTWpSYVpVYXA1bVJ6dGtkcjlXV050U2E2TkRiNk4xZDVrR1N6Sm1TcWgwTTFKM1UwbFhXWkpUYTBFWFR0RlZiNnAwY0RKV1J4b0dNMWdrZEY5bWNRQjFNemdUYm9oSGU2cFhWaGxXTjJkR1ZyUnpjYWxGTm9WbmMwOUVXTHhtVm1KSFRWTlVZdlZuYXJrV2NsdEdPczltY3NSVmEybG1WMXN5THhNMmNNWkZianBsY3NaSE0wTlhZeDRXZHJOMk15UmxiRlpsVE5KR2IyZFhWU3gyTW5SblROSmpVT0pYY3lGSGExRVdOMHAxZHRKMUsyd0djd1ExUUloWGE0VTJiWWxqVTVGM2I=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7588822/poster/AjlVJ8y62Sx34eXsugV4htv8wpQ.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Night They Knocked
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt1179071/poster/e37tuB45HtsEeE9wi5ig1egeYE.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Orphan Killer
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt0073115/poster/25ozVaMSebid79fzJpYrmN2mbrd.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Story of O
http://?eXAzYnhWM1V5ZG5jSkZUUjFGemRWUlViRXRpZHNKV000NEVPV2xIVTBORU5LNVVjeFp6VVpkSGMxOUVkcmtrVDRFWFpTWjNkUVZrZXhBVlJQcEZPNVoyTkROSGNoQkhhSk4zY1NwbGMzZFZaTU5tU3VkVVJqUlhibFJuVHJWWE9YVjBaQzlVWldwbWU0NVdXWkZsTVVsSFRPSlZReEFEZDRzaU1yRjFhcXBVZVZSMWJvaEdTaTFHUzJVM2JwcGtaSGhYVG9sWE5qZGxXaVpYYTVvR1VTUkhkcjRVZHZFblZ1VjJOM2RuUXJRWGN5VW1jdDFHYXRGWFl2UjBZck5WTllkMlFYVlhiU1YxTnlaMGM0WmxZSWhXYXBWWFNIVlZWejhtTVBkRFVYdGllWkptTlFoelFueGtjMU5FY3h3V1UySUVkQlpEZHo4aU5KWlZNMjlTVTExV2F6NFdjdlZIWjZkVWVOVmtOelFWT3pKM2RaWkdSck5YVW90bWNyRm5kd1YxUnl0eWMwcFVZSU56U0twWFYyUnpjNVprYzZKV1ZoUmxTcmhFTWx4R1NMaFhUeGMxTGtWbmVrMUVPdUpXVXRaRlJhVlVZdFZYZFdWemJWSmpjbzkwWTBsRmU2MUVlT2wzVGtabk1CcDFLcUZEYU9KamJwVm1UNVpqV3NsRlUycEdlTEpVUkJOWGM0Vm1NMWRVVXExVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10676012/poster/zdkJs9j6yKo9di0kjtctM01fSMv.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", To All the Boys: Always and Forever
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9110170/poster/4U1SBHmwHkNA0eHZ2n1CuiC1K1g.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Wrong Turn
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10223546/poster/lQuN357xgGz2IovnbOySXP70DTj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", You Deserve a Lover
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8004570/poster/tbz4cSTTZElk6beZi6x2ySymd3j.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", 47 Days The Mystery Unfolds
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12994288/poster/fuGtfV9wdqnhUWypK1JCi1Qthbl.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Amaram Akhilam Prema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8011344/poster/xNSqlwcXzff6B5IoaIcxgCLE92h.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Asuraguru
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8016356/poster/AvNNe1kOdpYOSDuCdpmKIdUPSGU.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bheemasena Nalamaharaja
http://?PUFuZXZGWGRUSm5ieWxVTUZWWE0xVkZSdFIwSzJabll4Z2pUNFlWYVFSM1Ewb2tUekZuTlRsMWR3ZDJUMHRTU09oRGFqaEhTeUlVU3hoVlNWVm1UYWhuUXhFVVUzY2xlRHBXTVYxRVZxNW1VWWxIZEx0V09SMTBLd1lIYTFnRk1TOUdPeVp6S2kxV2RIZDJkM3MwTlZSbGVuVlRicUJ6WTM1bWNxdEVXUGxIUm4xMFJxQmxhSVZUVEZSelZ6dFNaVGRGVndkWE15cG1aMzVHYkxaVVN5QTFkenBVVEpGbFJuaFhiM0lqV1lWSGNFVldUNGwyS3U5Q1N3WmtOSU5uYmlWRmVKcDBiT0ZGZDVGSGJxeEdXVlpITXBkMk01YzNLNWhuZWlaRmEyTTNTdUJEYzVRRGNKbDNTVWxqWTE4Q2EzRXpNUGQwU3JKSE9FcDBZM2dtU3N4MGFCWm5iMFFEYXhOMVM1RmpaNElUTUNWM1NrTkhlaHgyWmtWelF2aERSMGRGY1o5a051cFdSenNTYjRSR2MyWTJWVXBtYXdORlp2WldNR1ZYUk1OM2JOZGphcWgxTk9Wa2J1ZG1RMFJrYUZ4MkxRcG5Td0ZGYkZoR1Q0d0VaMEpWTWFaM2NNbDNRVXRHWjN3MmJpSlRlTU4wYnNKR09FbEhVcmtHU3daSGQ0VUVha1pIVHhjSGNxNVdUNUlWVzZwbVlyc0dkVFZWYk1kM04zSkZPbkZIYU9aMExudDJVU0pGUlJaMmF5TlhlekJWWXlWMWRCVmxiU2xtVXlSMmN2TmxlUzkwWlBwSFZ2eDBaWkZGVXBCM1JsMWtjcm9GYVBWbE51ZEZlcGRXZFFKa1NMeG1XMnRTYnNaVWJTWlZkWU5qWXB0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10893170/poster/7nyzGexU2ftCySiwRKqNIJ3CdIJ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bhoomi
http://?PWduZXZGWGRUSlhieWxVTUZWWE10VkZSdFIwSzIxbVl4Z2pUNFlsY1FSM1Ewb2tUMUZuTlRsMWR3QjNUMHRTU09oRGFqaEhTeUlVUzRoVlNWVm1UYTltUXhFVVUzYzFhRHBXTVYxRVY0NW1VWWxIZExkWE9SMTBLd1kzYTFnRk1TOUdPeVpUZW1SV2FuUm5RTjUwS09GbGQ0YzBaVTVtY3IxV2JTVlRWQzltZUNSalN4TkdidGRWY3BWMFR2cFdaNFltY3FSM053SVVhQ1JVZXdjbGNPSkVVMmhVWlNoa1ZDOW1iemxFV3hFRWV1bEhUNVkxYXFOblZCRlVRRngyTHY5aVIxOFNhSHRDV1BKSGUwWmpSbUpsWlZCM1Uzc1VWak5qY21oRVdNUlRXNUpFUnhwRU8wUVhPSXhFVHcxVWJRaEhNckZuYTRoMWRtUldUUTUyZG1KRGJFbDBadDFXUXJGRmV5QmpiQ3htVndWblNRMWthbkYxY1NwV2FTTlVhclpuU1Bwa1Q1VUhUTHhFUnhaelpFbFdUU1JXVXpCbk0wZ21RbVJIV1RCSFY2SkZjVHAwWTJOVFdvNW1lbGhITVlkMlVSUlZNWmQyZGFsVGFMVlRaNkJsVkxSVVNZaG1UcWgyTFhSRGEyUkRSbkpWT25ObWN5STNONUlIZDI5RWNvRm5kSjEwYXZaVGEycDJVSEpIYkQ5bVdrTnpUaXgwZG1wRlZpUlRZcE5XYlk5U1NyZzJhMmd6YnlkRmV2MFdTNHNHT3doWGJ0OTJTaHBHY01GRE9PRkVjb2htWk9Oell4dGtaUzlpZGtGbmFyWWtheVFHZXZCRk9PdG1hdGhXY2hSRVdGVlhSRHAyTG1GbGV2WTFkellUYTNkelJhWlVhTUpuZFNaR04yUTFibjFFTlRKVWR3TkVleVUyTEpsV1EwTVVlbXRpZXJ0V2JPOTJTNUZGV2xCRmVUZFdNbjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12909048/poster/MV5BOGFiNGZiMjAtMmY4NS00YmRkLWE0OTAtMWY1ODJkNmRkYjQ4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTIzMTMxNzc4._V1_.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Blue Eyes
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12723616/poster/jxKH706DWgy4ZpKLy4iW7fZ7dXN.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bombhaat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11717746/poster/MV5BZTBhNmVjMTItZjljNS00MzQ0LWJlNjYtN2QzZjMxYThmZmQ4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjY1NTEwMjM@._V1_.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Deadly Affair
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12071532/poster/Dirty-Hari-Movie.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Dirty Hari
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13105536/poster/6jwyPp8pAL7evPDADfI4nL9Pgt2.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Gatham
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10801230/poster/wXTmEcsq9x5hsltzxoOfGRX33Lo.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", IIT Krishnamurthy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11497592/poster/394bvwBhHgZDWANG06VLocNXl81.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Irandam Kuththu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13028074/poster/Sreemukhi-s-Its-time-to-PARTY-First-Look-HD-Poster-and-Still-1-scaled.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", It's Time to Party
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8042132/poster/w2GyS2TdmIPvZ8kB9mjfK9H54mm.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kaalidas
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7268736/poster/qWoDDRJomBeA3i4npwMgHOptmBP.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kilometers and Kilometers
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10934216/poster/d.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kozhipporu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8302382/poster/xjiisbRXC4FqQewErBCgwLcdCWU.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Krack
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12677532/poster/Living-Together.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Living Together
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9319874/poster/3bRoeDrOoVFkDvvT1259LkguxfZ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Maara
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/ukaXSfyN1RoTKQ34YgjyBOd4ZhQ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mafia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12747588/poster/kzGNlXPH6mx90k5UjX5yFsn7lK6.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Meka Suri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12845062/poster/77185792.jfif" group-title="South Indian Movies", Meka Suri 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6485666/poster/65Q1wpRPZ5E3UVUv2V5JBbJQCcj.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mersal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13242960/poster/wY0bivHEaQiLHmmMQeddWOJa1Lm.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Middle Class Melodies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt2924472/poster/l6vFS6R5MN6JHQsPEQqNY46Q3kR.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mumbai Police
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12592664/poster/opf1UqB2tdtBI01neVolKo38rGJ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Murder
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11854074/poster/lqe6h18aaA9KcqKeVJd9YkjcwNo.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Orey Bujjiga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13760126/poster/4e6IJvP5VkZlwtMvNyU60ImvwuD.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Pulikkuthi Pandi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11191344/poster/u00WWJsijXwkkXqc8hHJAKGJ3mh.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Red
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11385128/poster/qFPu7C23VqLhQXb4F2pW0t9HnSL.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", V
http://?PW9tZXZGWGRUSkhleWxVTUZWWE0yVkZSdFIwSzJobll4Z2pUNFkxYlFSM1Ewb2tUNUZuTlRsMWR3cDNUMHRTU09oemFqaEhTeUlVUzZoVlNWVm1UYWxtUXhFVVUzY2xjRHBXTVYxRVZuNW1VWWxIZEwxV09SMTBLd1lIYzFnRk1TOUdPeVpUTkJwVWN4TUhaalprTVVKR2NqNWtXekVqY3k5eVVTOXlSNHBtZHA5MFNyRTNheGcxWUlaR1JxSkdjMzRVYnVCbmJ3bEZSYUZ6Ym14VVR6VVhacUoxU0M5U2MwOG1ZdllWVXhGRGRKcDBUWU5IZDZCWFkyOUdaVTlXYzVBRlJocFZjUVpuWkdkbFpxVkRUd0ZqUzU5V05NSmxWd1EzWnhOV2R4MUdNMk5IT0xCblpPOW1jeVluU0tWVmIyMDBhVGxIZDZsRk5DOTBNb1JIVzM5U1NqdFNhNmRYVXN4RVduaDNNc2RUVzVkM1lzSjFad0FWYUpKa2JuTm5iM0pXVnJaMFVJNUdiRkpqYm1wR2F3OW1SeFFGWnJSelJzZFhPNWMyUVI5bU0wUWxjbWhVYmpkR2VxVmxWWHRFYmloM1F4TTBkc2hFZTFOalptdFNTdWx6WWtwVk1rQkhkRkZ6UnZsSGRhbDFNQ1pYVHQ1RVRCcFVjNjUyYTRnVE5uVldibE5VUTRVblI2aDFheWNFWjFwMmNKSjFWNHQyWnRCM2JVNTJZdXhXTmExV1RtaEdiclFqU3prbmJydFNkcFYxY3RWbVlpeEdPYWxXT01SamUxSWpkT2RHU0twbU4zcEZNd0VGVFVSblRVcGtlMFJEZHZSRlNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6363436/poster/mdvnaY0FowdQv3eaLElnlnJ2tKY.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", 1971: Beyond Borders
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7294534/poster/mTxbUREJ42WbLekdrW0VoZmgG8E.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Arjun Reddy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6201292/poster/hBtRwo9BIdRARsNZPtAHvlse0mg.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Bairavaa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10711648/poster/AvtepCkbx7772EOGn7na3ItSRq8.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Comali
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8751976/poster/AgvDjOzWMISPYmFsW42ZOpzPrCc.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Dev
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6027478/poster/hh7D1fLjet1Ce1kcCkk5TVr3g9O.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Dhruva
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7690466/poster/jJonfDUWhvyJE1qTylNUUvrpJXF.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Gayatri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13711212/poster/ejPYCoYUzRtnOD2zcWmxQIL6GbP.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Guardian
http://?cXAzYnhWM1V5Sm5jSkZUUjFGemNWUlViRXRpZDJKV000NEVPV2hHVTBORU5LNVVkeFp6VVpkSGM1OUVkcmtrVDRzMlk0aGtNQ2xFYllsVVZsNWtXbkpVTUJGMU5YcDNRcUZUVk5SRmV1SkZXNVIzUzBsVFVOdENNMkJYTllCalV2aGphMllqTTZkM0x3cFZRajFtVkV0bVlTcFdkTk5UYlZsbVowb2xSd1ZEY0xKVmEzRTNWQ0ZYZTBOR2RHbGxTUE5IVDVWMVRUdFNPNWNITjVVblZJUlZlM1kwVFBsbldwTkZPTDEyWjNJSFpINWtXc1ZVYkVkblJySTFjd1JtTTJnRVV4VjNhYTlFT04xMFpvWkhjcnhHYTBGa2NEaEVjaVZITVBwMmJ2d1VhTkJETVZkMGR3SjFaS1ZUUW9CbmFJRm1SelkyYWhGMWJ5VTJUc3BtZHloME5OaG1NNGQwWTNaelptWjNjUGhHT29SRWRVSm5UeFlIYk1KV2JJaERlVnQyUVJablV0cGxjS0pHZUJCSFNEaFhjeTRFYVRGMGF4VVdkdmRFYnJwa1VOTjNTd2RYZTE1RWNUbDFkcU5EYzJsMlRMbDBUcGQyVGxWbmVocEVjNVpXT3Jjbk1zaDJLQ2hYZFVSSFNwOVVaNUVtZTNnR1RVaDNZdkoxWjBOM2RpdFdlekVHV1dGbGJhbGtXcDVXUXUxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/4tgSwJwzYCkFP4XhsyT0NCcsDbn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Hawaa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3962184/poster/45oR5i1pqO7ImZM6SgpprHnCFBZ.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Hebbuli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6861726/poster/uM4QeWS6dgLWGlZpE2XKa3GUnms.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Jai Lava Kusa
http://?PW9uZXZGWGRUSjNkeWxVTUZWWE14VkZSdFIwSzJobll4Z2pUNFlWYVFSM1Ewb2tUcUZuTlRsMWR3MTJUMHRTU09oVGJsUkRjVEJWUjJaVlRqcGxaaUZuWVYxR04waFdhcUYwVlN4MFoxQjNhcWRrUUxOWGFERjJhS3RXYk9GRmR4Y21Ud2xEYkNKalVZMUdUNVVuU1RWMGRXRjFiNlIzVjRkbWNqZFVhTlZYVnZWMVMzTkdiWXhHU2w1MkxuWlhTUFZuWTE4bVN3RVROMGRGY245U2R5QW5VbmRsZHpsV2R3WkhWRlJYYU1aamRqbDFacHhFZW5WM2F2SkRSdU4zWXFoVWRJOVViSVp6ZFlkVE50VlRlNEozTjRZSFZ5a25aWFYxZFkxR2FwMVdicmxWY0VkRVREZG5iTWhWZXNGWGFJbGtVcmsyWXhoRVZETkZOWVYzVnJZa05zUnpaSkprYktOamFwbFhSQmQyUjFZblRpeDBTNWx6ZGxsMmEwRlZUelZHZFU5a1p4NG1ZbEJqTUdka2U0bzNaV2xUUjF4RVdOaFhWejBtYU5sMFpKeEdkMXAzTVZCSGQyVkdicU5XY3RobU5pdFVlendVZUlaa1dGUm5Td1pFWktaRlVZWm5lemRuVGhOMmJ5VkZhaDVtV3NkMll0UjJMM2tXYUhKV1U2WmthSmhuWnYwMmRwTjNOcDFVVHpzV2QwTWpiMkJEZHk5aVd2SVRNclZXY1VaRU00WVhZMGxHTjBNbGRXUm5ZYWR6TXdOMEx3dFVaYWRYZEhSVU12Rnpjc05WUnd3MlZubFRWTWxUTmkxR2JySWxUdlVHYTE4U1VGcDBWdU5HTzJjRWF0NUdVdjhpYjRoemE0UjJRemtqTnRCM1RKSm1haDVHTjZwRWVUeDJjQk4yU2w1VWV6TmpRTFYxYkxSWGUzNW1RTjFFZFBSRk9VVkZjMEZtYW10a2NScG5jbjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8948790/poster/bU9q9yVtxeBiC0Do27CekHXNE6D.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Jersey
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7483340/poster/w8St0xtX8nc2EnIHhXIwRX45K5e.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Junga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6929642/poster/xVAZZN4Av3e6YxwLgUWTYDNtta1.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Junga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9900782/poster/hOF9CgPsy9aLr5GJEBESC8MEXFy.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Kaithi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8042248/poster/r01e7wDHHFl2WaXBBzMhGoZg50t.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Kanchana 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6067752/poster/fXgY2RCzoIJPhPDoyKRjaaqjIZs.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Lucifer
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/74cJLMYdFvmTAYXAdvmaSdLy3Xf.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Maari 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10579952/poster/sxhq8VXCmFuFIHC1LKW1b8ZCXaf.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Master
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt5128328/poster/1fWnzmBxZMEJZZATogoMPebazYB.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Naanum Rowdydhaan
http://?PWNuZXZGWGRUSkhleWxVTUZWWE1zVkZSdFIwSzJCbll4Z2pUNFkxYlFSM1Ewb2tUdUZuTlRsMWR3cDJUMHRTU09oemNsUkRjVEJWUjJaVlRqcGxaaTFtWVYxR04waG1hcUYwVlN4MFozQjNhcWRrUUxaWGFERjJhS3RtYU9GRmR4Y21UNWxEYkNKalVZZEhUNVVuU1RWMGFXRjFiNlIzVnBkbWNqZGthNmhXZGloblp1cGxhMG9FT3ZrbloxRjFTcDlHVk05R1YxOG1aNmRFZTJJWFR6RVROMnBuU1FGa05yY1hUQ1JsYnpGSGEzaGtRbHBWTjVGVld5WW5RelIzVFBkaldseEVlTWhEVFRsbFExbEZSRU5VT3RGM1lDdGtNVkIzYkZObGR0VlRTdDVrU1lKM2JIaDNZME4wYUR0aWVWVmpNTFJuUzZaelM0QTNhSHQyZFpGR1I2RkZieVYzUUpwMGMwVmpjVEpYTlB0bVNZWlVOYXRTYzZkMVVzMTJMeTVXUkRabVpKaEhWUXBrU2hKVGMyaG1RU1pqWW5wV1YzMTJONHhXZUhsVVN5cDBad05qU2pWbGI1WlRhR3hVWmtWSGV2d2tRcloxWjExMlR3TmxVdDlXYnJKV1QxSm5ZM04yTXpRVWJvUlhZeWxYZDZkME1XOXlZdm9YZEVkWFZMWjJhWWgzTk1aSFZ3cFZWMUExVHdwSFJCVkhiSlZtYlRoME0za2pTczUyVHFKa1VzVkhlbEp6VVdGR2VNVjBWc1JUTXVsbVpxcDFaME5YWndCblJLSkdiMGwyTEVsWE12NTJLamxGY0lwSGNIbFZSNEZuZTY1bWJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11924162/poster/unnamed.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Raani
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/77FDa56d6fueqMSu3bmopJFJmJr.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Saaho
http://?PXNtZXZGWGRUSm5jeWxVTUZWWE11VkZSdFIwSzJ0bVl4Z2pUNFlWZFFSM1Ewb2tUdkZuTlRsMWR3MTJUMHRTU09oamNsUkRjVEJWUjJaVlRqcGxaaTFtWVYxR04waDJkcUYwVlN4MFoxQjNhcWRrUUxoWGFERjJhS3QyYU9GRmR4Y21UcGxEYkNKalVZRkhUNVVuU1RWMGJXRjFiNlIzVnJkbWNqZGthS1ozU2lSR2U1bDFkdmhGVXJNMlZ2Sm1Sc1pXVFJoSGV5TlVkeXNHYXRaMWNyQm5XcVozU05WSFdNRlhXRlpGWjVRRmQ2VkhlcEJYVDFGbGU0RmxSNmhuVmk5V1ExbzBjeFZYUXZrMGE2VkRPUnBGUjR3MlJxaEdkeGdIYTBJWFRWOWlad1YzWm1wbFF4YzJSS1ZqU3ljM2NEdFVUS3hFTnRCMWJDUm5Sd1puWldkWFp1MW1ia2hWT21Oa1RxZFhNYWRWTmFCWE1ucFhOeUpXYnhSa2VwbDBjMXhrVzVjVWFwUm5SckVuTjNBWGJNdENWNFZGYm9OalVtTlVkbmRXVXZkMFV3TkZhVWRVWUVKVVoyOTBUNVpXYmk1bVJ3QjNRWnRHZXlkMFVyd1VleTlrY3JzRWQ0TjNVNHhHWllwVmIzaDJjWGRtWTRKVGRQRlZRUUZYY3hNamNJOWljNFZIUjFRVmJ1bEVhS2gxVjNnSFNFSkZTRkZXZEpsbWJyaDFiMHhHYkVaR1Z0eDJNUlZYTzNremFJSmpNeUl6UzU1VVJXVm1VbEZYWUdOamVtNVVhaTlXWVhaV01xZGpkdlpqVVJOSGRscFVOT1ZXYW50Mk5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/meJjODI5tTJAvyxhmnDyW8qLPRj.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Sketch
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11433696/poster/7sOIZkQ2X0kLpN1NYqsXMUrUGXn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Solo Brathuke So Better
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11433696/poster/7sOIZkQ2X0kLpN1NYqsXMUrUGXn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Solo Brathuke So Better
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8733898/poster/d5wL2axBtieecnAD6X4HMgrkXGp.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", U Turn
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E11
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E07
http://?dnAzYnhWM1V5OW1jSkZUUjFGVGVWUlViRXRpZDBKV000NEVPV2hHVTBORU5LNWtkeFp6VVpkSGMzOUVkcmtrVDRjSFpEZEdTTkpVYVNSbGFIRmtXbk5sZTVjRlV3cEhaR0YyVjFaWGEyRWtadnAzZHZsVlQ0Qm5jclpIZVBsMGI1WW5jcWQxZDBWMVFwSm1RT1ZYTjN4R1IyZG5NWFZ6Wk5ORmNxRjNadnBtYkRSblFwUkhaU0YzVXhjRmJsZFRjQmxXTjE1a2IwUVRaTHRXVmhGV1VuRlZjcE5VZUx4MExwaDNheUZ6TmE1Mlk1VVhNeU1uYk5oRU01azFiNTVVYnpNSE1JeEdhR0ZIT1g5aWN1dEdXaGRtYTVaSE9ubERibGgzYnlVVk9odFNlME5tY1VGSGUxWmpUemRETTBnR1VzOXlVWU5EY0loV2JNUldadFIzY1JGblYwQjNReThHY3pOamFvSjJRTHQwWXBCelJ3a0VXWGRtTVFGa015NTJadEZVVlVkMkxwWlhVaFJFT0JsR2FzaGtWWVJGZGpaSGM0dFVPdVJrZVQ5MFFDQjNiQjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E010
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E05
http://?PVFuZXZGWGRUSm5ieWxVTUZWWE00VkZSdFIwSzJwbVl4Z2pUNFlGZVFSM1Ewb2tUMkZuTlRsMWR3UjNUMHRTU09oamRrTjBaSTFrUXRKRlZxZFVRYTUyVTZselZRQjNja1pVWVhWbmQ2WlRRbTltZTNKWFdOaEhjeXRtZDQ5VVN2bGpkeHAyVjNSWFZETm5ZQzVVZDFjM2RFWjNkeWNWTnIxMFV3cFdjblZuYXVORWRDbDJaa0pWY1RGelY2VjJOeEZVYTFZblR1ZEZPMDlHZXZkbWN3Sm5jcnAwUll0VVpMaFhjc1JrTW5CWGNQOVVOMlVWTjNCeksyVnpWMlJYTjRGVmJ2cGtiYUIzTHVGMVMyQlZZUWhqV1o5R2Q0bDFkMlZXYzJCRlcxY1hPMlZuY3h0VVpOQm5ORGxYZFFsamJrOWtNdWhHTjROblZFSmtheGtuUmhGRVVIRlVjaUYxTnBwMU00Sm5SMHAxZHdablQzVkhSbEJIZHdzU2FhWjFZNVJWVzVJbFFsZDJUREprV09KMlp2TkRXWlZ6U3BWbGVCcDJhWkJYTzNFbVl5bEViNVVGV1JaRmF5VjNVeDUyZDZOWFlzQnpUdlYwWmhsbGVLaEZTNTl5YUV4MlIzcEdkb2REWkpsVWJuaDBhMmNXVTFKRVVJWm1XQzltVzJ0U1JOcDBhMUpWUjBoMVNwTkZaRTVXTldkV1lQWm1UcFJFZE5aRVpMOUVPcVozUjNoMGEzMDJjTnRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E010
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E02
http://?PUFuZXZGWGRUSkhjeWxVTUZWWE0xVkZSdFIwSzJkbll4Z2pUNFkxY1FSM1Ewb2tUMkZuTlRsMWR3cDNUMHRTU09oamJrTjBaSTFrUXFKRlZxZFVRYXgyVTZselZRQm5ja1pVWVhWbmR2WlRRbTltZTNsWFdOaEhjeXRHYjQ5VVN2bGpkeXBXWW5ORWRqbDJkdFJEVExaRmFVWkdlV1JuVnZsR2EyTkRNbmgzY0xGbllvTlZlSFpVTnZKRGM2aERPdmdqZXI1V05EVlhWS1ozY2s5U1NySXpjbzlVUkhoRU1KUlhSUk4wY0Y1MGJ4b0ZXWGhWZDVaM1V4bFRkTGgyUVVGRlowb0dkTnRHWjFGamU1aEZNcVJrWkxkSFIxTm5WWWx6Y29kMlZ1UmtlcDl5U0xWRlptZFhNdE5rWjJFMVp4NTJSU3QyWTVKVlJrTm5Vd2syVjZoVVN1UjJkbEIzUjFFMVE1bGtOMUlVU3drM0w1b0ZXWjVFYVdCM05SdFVRdmQwTEZaRVo0azJjcll6TE9kV2R0UkRjNVZqWnVsVlNTcG5VbTUyWTJzMkxtZFRicDlpTXFOMGQ1cEVaczVtY0twR09XaFhjbEoxYm5WMFVvOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E07
http://?PT13ZDY5V2MxTmxjdUpYU3hVVWR4WVhWRTFHUnJZWGJpRkRPT2hqVjJCRmREUmpTT0pYYzJNVlczQkhiUFIzS0o1RU8yUjJRbmhVVEN4bVVVcDJSQnAxZFRwWE9YQkZjd1JtUmhkRlJRcG5jM1pYUk9OVGVYMVVhUmRIYnB0MFJSUjJSUkJuWlFWbk40WTNhWk4yS05sa2J3MVdNaHRVY1dOM1V2MDBkeUVrZWxKWGJESlhab0JsUjZkbFJDdEdPakZVY1VwbGJtUmtXRk5UWXJ4MllJZEZkVHgyWnRWbFpYeGtiWjFFYkRkMFV4cEZORlZHVnk0MlNVVmxOSEYzY0haVVppZEZkdmhsUVJGamRhaDNVVk5UUXhBMVoxUkVVMGxUUzFSVWF1ZEVSS2hYVWtoMlp2TVVjRUIzZHlaVVR3bEhkMFYyTTFrV01yazBMRU5tZHdJMU1taFdWM1YwY2FKWFVPNUdXMjRXUzVOMmMyUjBkQk5YZTIxR2R6ZGtZMlozUzVKa1dOSmpjTFpXV3c0RWVvRm1XYVptWXNoSGU2eFdPT3htYnpvRWEzd0dOcmRWUzNzR2R4Y21Xamh6UklOamRKaFRjbU5YUXpsRE1PdDJSWGhXVGlSVmRoQkhkV2h6UVhOWFJwRkhNRFpYTnJFSFR6c21hTFJFYnpCbmNRbDFRMnhFZEdOM0t0bDJMWjUyUjNOemNVVkdSR0ZEZG5KamFYUjFheEZITXlrWFkzRmxlMWRtZHNwRk16cEZiWnBrWXpkM00xZFVkRDFFYXk0MmR1bGph
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E11
http://?PT13WjY5V2MxTmxjMEpYU3hVVWR4c1dWRTFHUnJZWGRpRkRPT2hqVnRCRmREUmpTT0ZYYzJNVlczQm5lUFIzS0o1RU95UjJRbmhVVENCblVVcDJSQnAxYVRwWE9YQkZjdFJtUmhkRlJRNW1jM1pYUk9OamJYMVVhUmRIYm90MFJSUjJSUjVtWlFWbk40WW5jWk4yS05sa2J6MVdNaHRVY1dOM1V2MDBkeUVFZWxKWGJESlhacEJsUjZkbFJDaEhPakZVY1VwbGJtUmtXRk5UWXR4MllJZEZkVGwzWnRWbFpYeEVjWjFFYkRka1ZubGphdFYyY2l4R2QxdDJRSEoyYk5sWFdUTkdXNU4yY0pCRE5tcFhTVVJrV2o1RWFqRmpZQkoxZHl4R2U2WmxjMnBtYVdoWFVtZGtjMUUyVU5GR05ubG5kd1FWTlRoMlE0WkVVemhqZXlZemMxRlVkcVZ6YzBwVVNodFdTUEYwS3ZFRmJxZDBLNk56Um5KV2JTTmxjd28yWjVkMFk1TTNkeFlXUzU1V2R6NVdhU0ZsYlI1R2JsSkhjWVowZFBaSFZqeG1ZNnRFY2tGV05qaFhSM1VXTjVaamJNSmtVNGh6UjVwMmNzbG1UUGxXZDI0MlQzOEdhclpYVVgxa056UlZaTWxUUjJzR2Q2SlVVYWQxY2hGamRyRWthbkJUWnJkMmJYRkhldjBtZHRkemR5VkVSdjVXUjExR1pJbEhkenRXU3dNSFRCZFdjMmczTFJkM0t6Tm5RdkZYYTQ5R05XUkdablJ6WktObVRTMUVj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E12
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E13
http://?PT13WjY5V2MxTmxjNUpYU3hVVWR4SVhWRTFHUnJZbmFpRkRPT2hqVnhCRmREUmpTT3hXYzJNVlczQkhlUFIzS0o1RU8yUjJRbmhVVENoblVVcDJSQnBGY1RwWE9YQkZjblJtUmhkRlJROW1jM1pYUk9OemFYMVVhUmRIYnB0MFJSUjJSUkZuWlFWbk40WW5hWk4yS05sa2IzMVdNaHRVY1dwM1V2MDBkeUVrZWxKWGJESlhaNkJsUjZkbFJDbEhPakZVY1VwMWRtUmtXRk5UWTR4MllJZEZkVGgzWnRWbFpYeDBaWjFFYkRkRVd2bGtZNGdEV1RoM2JINTBOclFEZUVoMGFJbGtVeUYyTEtKMk1abG1RaFZHTjB4MGJwMVVkeWgzTXBwRlJ3a21ZMWxHVzFGR1MyTjBhMjFrWUl0U1d1TmtVQ1ZuWnk0R01HcFhiWHgyYTNwbWVoMWtOMXBFWjJremNMdFdZbFpUWWFKVWNNTmxZWGxEYzZwblluRkdidWhtY0JWMWMwSVhkVFpEV0R4VU92WlVRaHRrU3ljM2RQQnpjdnRHZERsMFkwSm5OeVJUYlNGVFRDcG1hNk5WVW9GamUzbDJZb0ZqWXNGblNSMWtjRGgyZHc5VWExUUZhdGxFUnlrMlZ3eEVheWMwYnZoSGVzSm5XVE5rZENKRWF5NFVOdzlFWm1aVlNxMTJkeHhHYXZnVmFReEVNNEUwTDB0bWNhWldXRHAzYld0eVJuOVVhS3BIUkVGa1F1NVVhenRpZExabllwWkZUcHBsYkZkMFE1RVRi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E14
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E15
http://?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
